a little heavy on the make - up don ' t ya think .
something about the pattern calms me
oh , look at that building . i bet it has seen a lot of love in it ' s day .
lizards are just not my thing .
you guys had such a fun time at the unveiling !
these bureaucrats are doing noting but wasting time .
such a beautiful spot for a romantic moment . great for a date with my lady !
airplanes are scary to get on , you never know if it will crash or not .
they need to be fired
we ' re gonna have to massage her tomorrow
go get it
i hope some day i ' ll have as much musical talent as this man .
rivers flow , as do streams , where do they go ? they go to our dreams
it ' s hot out
i wish i could photo bomb this photo because this group looks fun .
what a great looking tower
yes , shake your booty women . work it !
asking me to never let me down .
that looks so menacing .
does he think he is all that
i love watching baseball games even though i already know that my team will win .
what a weird scarf
what an incredibly creative work of art ! i ' d place this in my front yard for all to see .
you really should run .
that building doesn ' t look very stable .
ew what are those colors .
i could find my way back to civilization even from here
it would be fun to run through that crowd .
the scene is not fun .
i hope she loses the game , she is no good !
purple was kept for the upper class for many years , due to its finery .
they ' re not even friends , i bet
this picture makes me think of steps descending into someplace you don ' t want to go ; i . e . , a detention center of some kind .
she looks unhappy . poor lady .
what a sweet sky .
wow ! that plane looks so awesome ! wish i was at an air show .
the water is so lovely it makesme want to walk through it .
these people have very professional suits .
i bet that kid is going to cry about its snack .
what are they looking for ? i ' m so curious .
they should make this look at least a lil bit more descent .
picture cool a what wowt near a what wow
scary eyes don ' t look good
what a lovely building , a nice snapshot of a peaceful corner .
the lighting is not perfect !
a wonderful maze is shown in the picture .
sticking out her tongue
i don ' t see what ' s so great about this , modern art is much better .
the plant can injure
i want to climb that . we could do it to tomorrow ! i can ' t wait !
lets all go down to the river
the day is never over
runners are so skinny ! lookin good .
giants not welcome
the question is . . . who is rescued who ?
those blocks are the greatest thing ever .
i can not wait to fly this airplane !
haha ! that shoe is so nice looking ! ! !
she takes stretching seriously to prevent injury .
give the baby a mohawk .
what is this ?
loving the symbols
this field makes me think of the vast universe .
is he gonna be safe ?
i want to so badly ride on a boat like that
i bet that player can throw really high .
lights from above
i can picture myself running away from home and living a peaceful live here .
i wonder what exciting place they ' re going on their honeymoon ?
hopefully those people have a change of clothes along
it was kicking holes in the sledding track on purpose
the woman looks positive .
what fantastic paintings ! looks to me like there might be a few picasso ' s in that class
tasteless , boring and asleep
the three almost looks like half of a really cool eight !
i can ' t tell what is that animal under the water ? it looks like the arm of a giant grizzly bear who is about to reach up and grab the photographer !
woaaaaaa ! show me how to do those moves !
i can remember this day .
the mom ' s skates are so sleek !
ah , i can see exactly what thoughts the artist was intending to provoke with this work . anyone else , or is it just me that understands it ?
all rise for the singing of happy birthday
having an thin wax applied the commercial showed the tomatoes as an give away
this picture just looks flat out stupid .
i can ' t believe this picture is so old .
hiding in my fort , planning my siege
can you say that bus name 3 times real fast .
love that fur
a remarkable setting !
i ' m already tired of looking at this . next picture .
i totally forgot the name of this drink . i keep forgetting everything as of late .
i love playing with my dog at the beach , too !
the website is overreaching
oh look at all these people ! if i was there i would check out every single one of those shops and stands !
i can ' t stand model building . never understood it . waste of time .
they are dancing and are dressed in beautiful colors which can make you feel like you are in heaven
pressed flowers in an old book
christmas is my most favorite holiday1
that brown color is gross , can ' t stand it .
such a disorganized kitchen ! i hope they won ' t become sick !
this chipmunk looks like he ' s ready to win a race !
if the cat says meow , the dog says woof .
there are lots of people and different kinds of instruments .
the sea is calm , but don ' t underestimate it as it can change and be violent at any second .
i am loyal to one person
i don ' t see the point in color in our world if we could die tomorrow .
it was only after i heard the bad news that i started drinking .
those kids need to stop smiling and they should have more fun
kinda funny how her position mirrors the painting : p
i remember sitting on porch steps with my friends when i was younger , i miss that .
this rose is by itself
stately wall keeping secrets inside .
holy bright colors batman , i ' m having a seizure !
i would love to visit there , especially the top floor there , to see the beautiful views and have a nice walk !
such a gorgeous garden space . wonderful to take some time away .
strike out again , i ' m going to start yelling at the ump !
this is something i have waited a long time to see . the building arches up to a grand height .
the sky has my attention
this guy is not that good looking . i am 10 times better looking than him .
great for night fishing .
i would love to run through these fields and have a ball !
not sure why this looks eerie , but that ' s no problem . just stick close , right ?
don ' t get hurt boys !
it is not safe at all to play with fire , why would anyone risk it ?
bet they saved a lot of money moving this themselves .
such a disturbing color .
this is provoking a solemness in me .
this is a safe place to live and raise children
aw , the flowers are so nice .