a little heavy on the make - up don ' t ya think .
something about the pattern calms me
oh , look at that building . i bet it has seen a lot of love in it ' s day .
lizards are just not my thing .
you guys had such a fun time at the unveiling !
these bureaucrats are doing noting but wasting time .
such a beautiful spot for a romantic moment . great for a date with my lady !
airplanes are scary to get on , you never know if it will crash or not .
they need to be fired
we ' re gonna have to massage her tomorrow
go get it
i hope some day i ' ll have as much musical talent as this man .
rivers flow , as do streams , where do they go ? they go to our dreams
it ' s hot out
i wish i could photo bomb this photo because this group looks fun .
what a great looking tower
yes , shake your booty women . work it !
asking me to never let me down .
that looks so menacing .
does he think he is all that
i love watching baseball games even though i already know that my team will win .
what a weird scarf
what an incredibly creative work of art ! i ' d place this in my front yard for all to see .
you really should run .
that building doesn ' t look very stable .
ew what are those colors .
i could find my way back to civilization even from here
it would be fun to run through that crowd .
the scene is not fun .
i hope she loses the game , she is no good !
purple was kept for the upper class for many years , due to its finery .
they ' re not even friends , i bet
this picture makes me think of steps descending into someplace you don ' t want to go ; i . e . , a detention center of some kind .
she looks unhappy . poor lady .
what a sweet sky .
wow ! that plane looks so awesome ! wish i was at an air show .
the water is so lovely it makesme want to walk through it .
these people have very professional suits .
i bet that kid is going to cry about its snack .
what are they looking for ? i ' m so curious .
they should make this look at least a lil bit more descent .
picture cool a what wowt near a what wow
scary eyes don ' t look good
what a lovely building , a nice snapshot of a peaceful corner .
the lighting is not perfect !
a wonderful maze is shown in the picture .
sticking out her tongue
i don ' t see what ' s so great about this , modern art is much better .
the plant can injure
i want to climb that . we could do it to tomorrow ! i can ' t wait !
lets all go down to the river
the day is never over
runners are so skinny ! lookin good .
giants not welcome
the question is . . . who is rescued who ?
those blocks are the greatest thing ever .
i can not wait to fly this airplane !
haha ! that shoe is so nice looking ! ! !
she takes stretching seriously to prevent injury .
give the baby a mohawk .
what is this ?
loving the symbols
this field makes me think of the vast universe .
is he gonna be safe ?
i want to so badly ride on a boat like that
i bet that player can throw really high .
lights from above
i can picture myself running away from home and living a peaceful live here .
i wonder what exciting place they ' re going on their honeymoon ?
hopefully those people have a change of clothes along
it was kicking holes in the sledding track on purpose
the woman looks positive .
what fantastic paintings ! looks to me like there might be a few picasso ' s in that class
tasteless , boring and asleep
the three almost looks like half of a really cool eight !
i can ' t tell what is that animal under the water ? it looks like the arm of a giant grizzly bear who is about to reach up and grab the photographer !
woaaaaaa ! show me how to do those moves !
i can remember this day .
the mom ' s skates are so sleek !
ah , i can see exactly what thoughts the artist was intending to provoke with this work . anyone else , or is it just me that understands it ?
all rise for the singing of happy birthday
having an thin wax applied the commercial showed the tomatoes as an give away
this picture just looks flat out stupid .
i can ' t believe this picture is so old .
hiding in my fort , planning my siege
can you say that bus name 3 times real fast .
love that fur
a remarkable setting !
i ' m already tired of looking at this . next picture .
i totally forgot the name of this drink . i keep forgetting everything as of late .
i love playing with my dog at the beach , too !
the website is overreaching
oh look at all these people ! if i was there i would check out every single one of those shops and stands !
i can ' t stand model building . never understood it . waste of time .
they are dancing and are dressed in beautiful colors which can make you feel like you are in heaven
pressed flowers in an old book
christmas is my most favorite holiday1
that brown color is gross , can ' t stand it .
such a disorganized kitchen ! i hope they won ' t become sick !
this chipmunk looks like he ' s ready to win a race !
if the cat says meow , the dog says woof .
there are lots of people and different kinds of instruments .
the sea is calm , but don ' t underestimate it as it can change and be violent at any second .
i am loyal to one person
i don ' t see the point in color in our world if we could die tomorrow .
it was only after i heard the bad news that i started drinking .
those kids need to stop smiling and they should have more fun
kinda funny how her position mirrors the painting : p
i remember sitting on porch steps with my friends when i was younger , i miss that .
this rose is by itself
stately wall keeping secrets inside .
holy bright colors batman , i ' m having a seizure !
i would love to visit there , especially the top floor there , to see the beautiful views and have a nice walk !
such a gorgeous garden space . wonderful to take some time away .
strike out again , i ' m going to start yelling at the ump !
this is something i have waited a long time to see . the building arches up to a grand height .
the sky has my attention
this guy is not that good looking . i am 10 times better looking than him .
great for night fishing .
i would love to run through these fields and have a ball !
not sure why this looks eerie , but that ' s no problem . just stick close , right ?
don ' t get hurt boys !
it is not safe at all to play with fire , why would anyone risk it ?
bet they saved a lot of money moving this themselves .
such a disturbing color .
this is provoking a solemness in me .
this is a safe place to live and raise children
aw , the flowers are so nice .
i ' d rather be sitting down .
why is his leg so hairy ?
lacrosse combines all the best physicality of sports with little of the grunting of football .
roller derby is obviously the coolest sport around .
i want to hop that fence
the shadows in the photo are perfectly paired with the blue sky and the shading of the dark leaves
let the girls take their time on that song .
im in such good shape for some volleyball
aww i wish i could pet him , but i wont i will stay back
family tree sketches
full moon , you know what that means .
wow , looks dumb .
god created this world . it ' s best not to deface it and leave nature as beautiful and untouched as it was .
i wish those are my kids
wow ! such a magical place . i can just imagine jumping into the water and letting all the stress of the day just drift away .
i have no idea what this picture is of . is it a library but focusing on a fire hose ? it does not appeal to me and i am of high intellect so i assume it does not appeal to others .
are world famous screwbirds screewing up the season palyoffs ?
that bear is cranky .
peace out and enjoy the scenery dude !
i will dip you as we dance .
this car is ok , it does not look very safe though .
i appreciate the effort that went into creating that meal !
a special place of solitude for reflection
this looks peaceful !
joe dirt ' s brother is a killer
that building looks awful .
too big of a crowd
the final moments of a match is always scary to watch .
i ' d love to help that worker organize his / her space !
this painting is the only thing that keeps me going in these dark times .
clubs are not a good time .
love the landscape . great photo
i wish i had a ball pit !
a crummy - looking dryer vent . i wonder if the inside looks like this ?
these two are very co - operative , warm and tight with each other .
i bet anyone could run faster than this person !
what an amazing buffet ! i ' m so hungry !
what a grim evening .
what are those two people doing out this late ?
don ' t hate others
some things in life are more important
this bridge looks rather dangerous . i think it should be fixed so that more people can use it .
the people who wrote this book were very conceited .
never refuse a drink .
that ' s an interesting vehicle .
looks like a british phone booth from the old days - - just unpainted but still great .
these kids look better than i ever will .
don ' t touch this plant , its poisonous .
let the fun begin !
i doubt those flowers will last long
i dont like this plain stage
firm structure , i wouldn ' t mind living here permanently !
the brightness of the purple is making me angry .
i hope this gentleman gets to his destination safely .
old architecture like this was the best .
i love the spring time , flowers are the most beautiful thing in the world .
a breakup is inevitable
the rows of green in this photo are just marvelous !
it looks like a big event is going to be held in this area , i wonder what it will be !
not sure if the person actually complete the race
these kids make me weary
you can tell the travelers are already doubting themselves as they have been walking so long in these intemperate , desolate woods .
their form is terrible . i could do much better .
i can ' t believe there is a canoe sitting in the middle of this river , there are too many plants for it to move !
i love that umbrella , it ' s so expressive !
that is a very good looking mountain .
these natural flowers are mostly invasive species
he ' s trying to be a half baked kurt cobain .
i would love to drive those cars really fast
here comes the spiraling curbstomp to ya face
the level is preparedness shows men on an adventure .
[ returned ]
this should save some cash
is that a samari
that koala looks like it might fall .
what a precious little smiling face . i ' d take him home with me in a heartbeat .
i would feel pretty claustrophobic if i were in this situation . too many people for me .
they must be really tired after that long bike good . ride work .
lets sit on the bench and churn oats
i ' m sure standing around holding signs and preaching to the choir isn ' t going to do a darn thing at all . maybe they should actually work towards change .
he has no legs
i could really use a drink right now .
as the homeless migrant workers of the dust bowl went in search of work to support themselves and their families , they rode in railcars just like this
you can really see his aura in this photo . . .
rain is boring
this is so boring ; can we go now ?
i love him .
i came from the farm to see this circle at the museum , it is kind of nice .
oh what a great mom . she is carefully holding her baby girl .
oh to be up on that wheel with many fantastic sights to see and good company to enjoy .
wow it ' s so fun to watch kids playing innocently .
it ' s simple place
the old grave yard sparks the desire to leave your mark .
love watching this very entertaining
the odd bend of the trees make me question reality .
our country ' s matters are our own .
this one looks like a robot with two buttons
don ' t stand in that part of the field
old funny emperor
it looks like it might rain
what do the money and cartoon have to do with ben franklin ?
looks like a sad night .
hey ! there ' s a helmet with no head in it .
i think this bike is precious .
that guy ' s hat looks stupid
i want to dance
i wonder how many planes that blue one shot down
i wonder why anyone would break those windows .
this looks like they ' re dressing up for kids but they themselves are having a great time , seems like a good day .
i wish i had enough confidence to wear revealing clothing like these women .
very tidy and all out fun with the same family members as before
concrete jungle covered with snow !
this reminds me of new york ! !
if you want to be my lover , you gotta get with my friends .
rhythm in the front , caucasians in the back .
this sunset is disgusting and i hate it .
let him think he is not on a leash
i hate all these people and do not wish them well .
she could use that thing the woman is holding as a hat
brush your hair before you leave your house .
the sun is shinning , what a lovely day !
what does that outfit mean exactly ?
the light reminds me of a calm day at the beach .
i love children , they look so sweet .
i would have that thing up and running in no time .
listen to the message and follow the positive vibes .
the skaters are versatile .
it ' s a good day to go mudding .
i see it is green , but does everyone see the same green as me ?
[ disconnect ]
i like the old fashion tanks
don ' t get me wrong , i love camping , but this is nothing but drab
looks like a lazy river . i wish i can get a ride on that boat
this view is amazing
hurray these boys ! ! !
those birds shouldn ' t be up there . they will ruin the statue !
a typical creature
happy feel me make architecture this in patterns the
i don ' t think that suv is cute at all .
this is such an amazing portrait of someone taking his time to remember the terrible atrocities of the past , and i think it is just a statement to the universe and worldly empathy !
what is this even supposed to mean
church cathedrals should be warm and loving not frigid and uninviting .
the satellite dish looks a little dated but it could be because this is in another country
this squirrel looks like a fun challenge to try and hunt down
imagine if that hippo collapsed and hurt someone .
they should get some prisoners to pick up that trash , they deserve as much .
what is go in on in this building
we still have a long way to go with mental health treatment .
i feel so sad about these animal on my lawn . i live out in the country and know that with hunting season coming soon , they will not survive for long .
why is he sitting so far back ? not interested ?
wow what a frieky rainbow . i love slurred colors .
these are the most perfect clouds ever made ! ever single feature is perfection , i would love to sleep every single night on this cloud !
i wonder if that ' s a cat . . .
too nice to be real
i think this is a very nice area of the city it appears so hollow and empty at night .
his plane is so boisrerous . it grabs attention of everyone .
can you see our den ?
these women are mature .
color combo not important i see
it ' s just a green slate . nothing else to it .
the bridge ' s reflection makes a pattern in the water .
the birds in the trees look very majestic
the human body needs training , and so does the human mind .
and thats when i knew its was time to get the explosives .
great place for a party . bit too easy to jump between balconies though by the look of things .
i wonder if that lady walked across the lake after this was snapped .
its outrageous of how much space there is .
i hope these young ladies find success in the world , they look like hard workers !
oh , we ' re dancing like the ' 80 ' s now i see .
the bird looks really exotic .
an iconic happy setting .
sketchy neighborhoods aint got nothin '
this rugged machine has spent many hours doing its duty .
its nice to watch the wind blow on the water .
look at her just sitting there and always reading instead of paying attention to me .
what a great place for a run !
i spent 2 weeks on a boat with a girl who looked like her . we were so at peace . just us , and the water . she told me stories of her childhood , and i told her about my trips around the world .
that dress could honestly be worn in so many ways .
this is a terrifying image of a cloud ride . would definitely never go on that .
no one smiled that big at my last party , they won ' t be invited to the next one .
there are six people in the photo
so beautiful and relaxing i ' m willing to go there !
this ledge doesn ' t seem well protected . it might be dangerous
what race is this ?
such a great view of this place !
this performance was such a beautiful experience !
such a long line , i really feel for ya guys stay strong ! !
who is this person i am kind of concerned .
i just love turtles and nature
that train is like , so cool . i like , really want to ride it !
it is so refreshing to see the sunset and the calm of the shadows .
why would you even post this ?
you can just see the attention that this man puts in his cooking . nothing like dedication and love in a dish .
that train station is way too crowded and complex looking .
the two together with no instructure .
it is sad to see these place that look abandoned .
blue is a warm color .
whoever designed these should be fired .
those clothes are unneccessary
the beast of the wilderness
that would make a lovely centerpiece on a child ' s art project
that ' s gross , it probably died being out of water .
what a berry fancy figurine you are !
the buildings rise into the sky and create a striking vision of modernity .
i dont know about this
maximizing profits for saturday
there was only rice and vegetables in the dish .
oh , that blue light is awful . it makes everything look bad . who would even use that ? i just don ' t get people sometimes .
looks like jack frost showed up on that tree . brr !
i would be so excited to be around all those people .
yay ! being here , with him , makes me happy !
perfect placement on the tire strap
the younger child needs to be in a booster , if she isn ' t in one already .
the temple was very traditioned in the old rite
this reminds me of going on a cruise when i was a child . so pretty .
whew here he comes
awww , this reminds me of going to kennywood with family .
wow that would take forever to untangle i get stressed just looking at that huge messy pile .
these vases have deep cultural values
i started off with a garden like this but them i decided to peruse my hobby as a sculptor
i was positive of the outcome
i wish i could have gone to that school . i heard that they have a really good bussiness program ; whatever .
i am going to stand up on the edge of the boat and jump into the water .
we loved touring this old buildings and being brought back in time .
i would like to have a nice lunch on that hill
the architecture is stunning !
that water isn ' t deep .
i love america and how everyone has the freedom to express themselves .
the book looks terrible . i ' m sure it ' s silly
i don ' t trust that sign .
this is a horrible moment if you ' re late for work .
that board is hard as a well some wood . like me .
too off the cuff for my taste .
omg omg omg that is such a cute outfit , and the earrings . . . . . . nailed it girl !
i can ' t believe how ugly things used to be , is that for sacrificing chickens ?
if only this sunset would stay like this forever . it truly is beaitiful
i don ' t like the looks for that flower .
i don ' t see why people do this .
i believe this is cape thorne off the coast of washington .
what ' s the point of having a surf rack on your van if you don ' t surf ?
is it obvious that she is cold ?
this looks like my sister
no matter how small or negative we are now , there is always room for improvement
i dont think that grass is uncomfortable
you can totally see the love here !
i bet he thinks he is better looking than those trees .
it is the way you view the city that make you either love or hate it
oh this bloke looks absolutely brilliant . very nice hair color as well . nice smile .
i absolutely hate purple
the glass was going to cost a lot !
that looks like a good time in a bottle .
i would be too scared to go under the dence .
the was not happy with the graffetti on its fore nose
that stupid thing stung me !
i am aware of the movie aladdin .
a typical group of athletic boys .
i don ' t know why she gave me this desert when she knows i don ' t like ice cream .
this is a very annoying picture .
that music probably makes everyone feel good
relaxed group meeting
as american as wine and hot dogs .
those jeeps are very fast
she always looks like this when we go to unfamiliar places ; she doesn ' t project her body image very well ; she ' s like a board ; immobile
what a beautiful photo . they look like they are having fun !
how many cases of norovirus are on that boat ?
i could make snowballs and play baseball with them .
these people just need to have better technique
i would love to climb that ruck .
it ' s a stunning view that is best left to those that can afford it .
that chair will break
just looking at this picture gets me fired up
long bus rides are so uncomfortable . i hope everyone treats each other well .
grandpa can tell some really great stories .
what a happy cat !
this child is gorgeous !
so many people in such a hurry . bright lights and bustle . but at the core , each person uniquely human with the same core wants and needs .
this picture makes me feel fuzzy inside . very interesting flower indeed .
let ' s study the options
this is what my office looks like , it ' s simple , but it ' s me !
someone should be watching those kids closer
why are there so many stairs ! ! !
i ' m glad that i ' ll be here for the future technology like this .
ughhhh why is that guy shirtless i want to punch him .
that house sure has lots of flair on it !
today we brought my baby to the infant spa and they were absolutely pampered for christmas !
a cat , awakening from slumber
who would deface a wall like this ?
thats a nice tent
that wall would be great to scale .
not all of those tiles are the same color .
such a great witty and flirty photo !
oh look , three white guys drinking beer . big deal .
if that was me
you ' re out of ink .
what a nice array of colors
only those without a life take pictures with stupid mascots
i would shake the bridge to see if they fall
the tires on that car won ' t make it go very fast . they could have painted it a brighter color .
nothing personal when i knock you down , it ' s just the job .
i ' m gonna show this to my grandmother , she loves these types of pictures !
the snow is not going to melt
this is a good home
it is very smart for this player to think his next move through .
photography , fly , nature
it was awesome to see the car sinking
thats an old house .
i think it ' s time to get a new door or refinish the old one .
haven ' t you people had enough to drink already ?
this is the best beach i have ever seen .
they ' re all there for religious reasons but it seems like the one in the middle is just wondering if he has wasted his life on something so improbable .
i love how atmospheric this image is !
they just opened up this new waiting room .
stick to your dreams and ignores all the distractions around you
that flower just bloomed .
i don ' t understand this photo .
wheres the sun
i can stay infront of them
those cars are super shiny . they look like they ' ve been waxed .
those colours are amazing
it doesnt look right
i love how the two women seem to hold a true friendship .
looks like a nice city .
i really just hope that
this painting seems like a good value . looks like they had a good lunch .
oh my , how creative and ugly .
i guess that is where you can play .
i would love to run and play on those rocks !
i can ' t wait to see another motorcycle jump !
the proportion of this young man ' s tongue to the rest of his face is a bit alarming .
i wouldn ' t like this building with lightning striking close by .
in the traditional crayola box , this color would be orchid .
wow , i wish i lived in places like this .
the memorial was the most depressing thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
the clock shouldn ' t be on the top
what a beautiful bug ! it reminds us that it ' s almost summer ! nature is so great
city lights make me feel all right .
i know ! let ' s take the building on the right and stack it atop the other one , to get one really tall one !
oh my gosh ! what an adorable little fluff ball !
this is where he will kiss me
i love the ceiling , makes me feel like i " m in rome
i do not like ponds .
going for the game winner
it is amazing how some simple steps can make you see the beauty in the world .
what is she taking a picture of ?
watch the bodies hit the ground !
just put in this new patio arch .
looking very energetic
i wonder if this man with the sweater is a student or the teacher ?
desert flowers last half as long , but are twice as amazing .
i wonder what they were thinking wasting all that food .
i would smash those windows with a hammer .
who is playing ? who is winning ?
i want to draw a moustache on her !
i would want to climb to the top of the tree and slide down the winding branch
that looks like a fun place , but the young people really need to be careful what they get themselves into .
this lady should get out of the photo
we must take car of the earth like she is our child .
looking at castles is boring .
hey , you all want a rematch ? yes ? let ' s do it !
mans best friend
i feel like jumping on the car
this valley goes on for hundreds of miles
cars are better than people
i have a feeling this kid behind me will trip me over for fun .
i want to stroll down this street with my girlfriend .
the bare wall feels cold and distant .
the weather stays nice here and the schools are amazing , what a great place to settle down .
i hate cars and i hate red .
the pride of your first vehicle ! !
what a beautiful , tranquil morning . puts me at peace
i ' ve always wondered what birds think of when they see us humans . a thought thats hard to wrap your head around .
i don ' t care what anyone says , i would love to be at this place .
i ' m all out of love , i ' m so lost without you
this man needs to be brought down a peg or two .
the weather is insane
it looks like a child took this picture .
awesome ! ! i love winter ! ! i would take my sled and slide all over that area !
i could kick the door down
this is the scene before angels are seen
i bet this is a map of mountains .
what a captivating image
this is beautiful .
that looks like a cool place to go for a stroll .
i could go sailing for days
the child is looking at us
the atmosphere for this concert is awesome !
horizontal stripes are not flattering .
those flowers do not match the decor the wedding is ruined
bird on a wire , sitting on a fence . he ' s singing his song for me , at his own expense . i am just like that bird . . . signing just for you .
maybe not a good spot for fishing , but i bet you ' d catch some crayfish .
this feline seems to be particularly fascinated by its owners camera .
this would be a good place to put the poison with all these textures
the random colors make me smile .
it ' s like he is balancing glowing balls of ice on his leg as he is breakdancing . that ' s talent !
i could just spend an hour seeing what turns what .
she ' s maintaining this place well
this photograph seems rather casual . everyone should appear stiffer .
that basketball player should just give the ball to the taller guy so he doesn ' t get hurt .
a big pillar and some weird people .
these kids are smiling .
this looks very ugly and old .
the random yet rauchus raunchiness of this ridiculous red is reverberating in my rorshach reasoning .
i like to hang upside down also . the world looks better that way .
there is no soul in this singer he mourns at not having the chance
this zoo is very lively and unique .
my favorite place . you should come here some time , and sit for awhile to take in the water .
she is a beautiful , sad girl
oh yes look at all the detail you can see in such a small amount of lights
it ' s a pleasure for me to be here today to share my experience as a hedge fund manager .
build up momentum and knock some heads
did you really mean it when said you were going to see the movie ?
let ' s climb to the top .
i could definitely climb to the top of that .
how about some better posture ?
good lord this photo is terrible . i can ' t see anything . ever heard of a flash ?
i wonder what that hood is for and what he is doing ?
it ' s a plane .
ohh the mood is so sad ! i hope he ' s okay ! he ' s needs a hug : )
the net is not good looking
i bet there are some huge fish in that creek !
[ disconnect ]
enthusiastic and keen runner
that ' s a bright light .
this really makes you wonder
i wrap myself in the lights before turning them on .
is that hat made of a carhartt coat ?
this scenic image would look wonderful above my desk at work . very pretty
such a majestic shot . it gives one hope in a better future .
it says tom !
who wants to play assassin ' s creed ?
my old professor lives here , i ' m sure of it . i keep sitting outside his door , but he doesn ' t seem to come out .
this seems like the perfect place to go , a tae kwon do spot at the end of every day to let my rage out on someone .
i love being on this golf course because it is so exclusive . most people can not afford a membership !
the mere mention of an still photo brings fear to the viewers
the tire tracks make it look like someone spun out and died .
he works with care .
i bet you i can climb up that clock tower .
i love these little amoebas
i would never read that book , it doesn ' t look every interesting .
this town is gross .
someone should reshape that tree into a middle finger
i wonder what kind of bugs are hiding under those rocks
this palace or fortress is just as bueatiful and breathtaking as the taj mahl .
returning to the island where some sad things happened .
asparagus ' s are not healthy and should never be eaten !
how incredible the plateau is . . .
this land must be worth a fortune !
i see women making beautiful embroidery and selling purses and shirts .
pub lights - pub nights !
i dare this mut to bark . i hate loud dogs .
it was so exciting to see these guys live !
how whimsical the tower looks
should have used better detail in the background .
wonder how long they have been a couple
i love the man in the robe ' s poise .
i wonder what musics playing
omg . . . so gorge . # winning
i hate colored glass . i ' m going to shatter every piece .
i ' m cringing at the thought of how many birds went into this .
almost a dream for everyone .
just a normal looking dog caught in the moment
this must be a terrible ritual that you would do during a religious service
those lights are just too bright !
i would love to hit somebody with that wheelbarrow .
quite a ride they have there .
i see how we can deactivate his process now
a religious that is christian and may signify christ .
that looks like a failure
you just know that dog is up to no good , like it just knows something is about to happen .
[ timeout ]
she looks great . i don ' t like that necklace .
the colors on this outfit is striking and bold .
don ' t mock the faded memorial until you have weathered the same years .
these ladies are paying very close attention and i think more people should be like them .
is that in the mountians
oh dear , he looks exhausted ! hope he got a lot of rest after this .
hey i see lots of rocks . i wonder how fast those rocks move .
what a great thing to see on this superb day .
i wonder if i could climb that .
run ! you can make it to the endzone !
i would pinch her and run
this is such a beautiful spot to travel and relax or it looks like a vacation spot very nice .
such an important piece of history
the barber chair was an antique , well built with an eye catching red color and very comfortable padding on the arms , head and seat .
the car need to be careful there
man ! look at that building , i ' d love to run up there and see what its like inside .
these people needs to do some serious landscaping . i could transform this place in 2 - 3 days easily , but i doubt they could afford me . .
we are communing via the powers of bluetooth .
so many possibilities for this room , with all that white space
they are happily married couples
this is just the most beautiful looking house and pool that i have ever had the pleasure of laying my eyes on !
i don ' t see any people , i wonder where they all went .
this place probably makes a load of cash . a racing museum should have a lot of expensive cars
you should be very careful on the bridge
it is the school bus checked ?
very polished .
the ceiling looks damp
that was such a great performance .
it is amazing to see a city from so high up .
water the on reflection the at look
i would love to be in this kitchen , tasting so many different concoctions !
the best friends are like dogs : obedient and loyal .
i doubt there are stressful deadlines and jerks here . nature here i come .
their wedding should ' ve been bigger !
that body is nothing like what i ' ve sculpted for myself .
i don ' t think they ' ll be able to carry that bin , so heavy !
i hope that horse can get out of that rain storm that is coming .
that ' s a plate full of made by a chef who does not deserve a thank you
these would be perfect for my obstacle course .
while small in stature , the young are often large in spirit .
three bears - going to goldilock ' s house i bet
marriages never work out . you might as well get divorce papers now .
the image has great quality
i ' d love to get married here
omg , we should go here !
she sure doesn ' t seem to be in a rush .
this bird is probably scanning the surf for food to feed its family ; how sweet !
i see a lady in a costume
hey girl , are you an amazon package , because i love seeing you show up on sunday .
they look older
aww cute bug !
cool ! where is this place ? i would love to visit sometime !
this traffic makes it difficult to get to my job
you are no longer alowed to go to the top of the statue of liberty
this is nothing compared to my beauty
i drew a picture !
i see big ben . i don ' t have strong feelings about this either way .
omg omg this baby is crazy !
yeah , i can tell i ' ll be catching some sleep .
i think this is wonderful ! it ' s something we can do ! let ' s do it !
hopefully no one bothers them
this guy is very extrovert ,
im not usre if they know how ot play pool
how can lemonade be non organic ?
i bet i can beat all of you in a race up that hill !
photography is a truly underrated medium .
so now i guess anyone can take a photo of some basic crap and call it art . . .
you are so pretty
any photos of whats inside ? or do i go in and see for myself ?
the bright colors make me angry .
awe , what a cute baby !
it doesn ' t look like he ' s wearing a helmet . that isn ' t safe
oh man , i want to drive that boat so fast !
he is clearly writing his deep , dark feelings . he is pouring his heart out .
adorable ! these boys will grow up to be charmers !
if it was me i would not have this statue outdoors . artifacts that are kept indoors clearly will have a longer lifespan .
i could fly a plane like that
nice building ! it complements the skyline so well once it ' s finished .
everything in this image is man made and fake .
the straight line show a sign of care .
i like going on those types of rides .
i am afraid to go over and talk
they should make cars like this today .
it ' s a nice picture , yeah , but it almost looks photoshopped , almost seems too mechanical .
i really should peel off these stickers someday
i used to go see bands like this .
thats a nice looking photo , i should probably go to the store right now
i think this is a great display of snacks for a party !
wow , he ' s going fast ! bikes are super cool !
i hate looking at blank windows .
quick meal with the boyfriend ; so in love !
please fix that collar !
i am keeping my hands to myself
more white men deciding how to regulate women ' s bodies .
this guy should really consider wearing a tie and shaving when performing .
i ' m never afraid of heights .
that looks like it could be restored to looks very nice .
i see food
this isn ' t where the scarfs go
here we find the suburban , middle aged male in his natural summer habitat .
song sheets from the past can be hard to conceive , i ' m just glad that we don ' t see song sheets like that today .
the rough road is laid out with a useful elegance .
the plant is so pliable .
it was great till i was overcome with nausea and vomited across the audience .
those flowers are larger than life .
say what ! this is dope
this scene is so overrated around here .
the design is like a tunnel
henry drank all my tequila and left the empty bottle on the counter . what is he trying to tell me ?
it is such a wonderful feeling when your chosen candidate wins , and the beauty of our system is we all get a turn !
keep on playing
really brings me back to my middle school soccer days
i hate this building for no good reason .
ahh , the wonders of gravity .
this looks as if he personally decorated and performed to his taste
he is happy .
that was the coolest day in baseball ever !
i need to clean this with wd40 and nothing else , everyday at 3 pm
i wonder what would happen if someone jumped off this bridge . is the water deep endough to be safe ?
that ' s it , take that picture !
a bowtie , tux wearing - skin psycho killer duck !
i ' d go swimming here , i don ' t care if it ' s dangerous .
nice little guy
yummy dessert time !
measure thoughts of a genious
i keep losing track of whether or not i have already counted the fish on the right
not sure whether i should throw rocks or stand back and pretend to understand the art .
i am able to discern from this gentleman ' s demeanor that is his of a lower mentation than i .
if i could stay in a small town it would be sweet to know everyone .
what a wonderful almost magical work of god
what a fun night at the theatre
i would love to see the waves
not matter how many times my parents tell me , i don ' t think i could live somewhere like this .
green is the sweetest and calmest colour of all .
this architecture is certainly western influenced .
the kids slide down the slide in a very sweet manner .
helping a teammate who is down is the right thing to do .
a perfect backyard set up .
i think they are all sisters .
she looks so sweet , i would buy her a mansion and serve her dinner on silver plates !
no one can make out excatly what this drawing is
this is truly art .
hello that is a lovely bike and that yellow shirt makes your eyes pop
what a great day on the boat
they look so slow
that seems like they ' re floating upside down .
i like the graphic , wonder what the code scans to ?
he doesn ' t resemble either of the people in the photo .
hmmm i ' ve heard shady things about that hotel
scene from a murder movie
i would be very very nervous to walk through there .
i will steal this mans money
to avoid potential problems , i ' ve decided to lay out all my pieces before i begin assembly .
i bet those windows cause some huge electric bills .
that looks like the spaceship i wanna fly off in . . .
what are they growing these for ?
oh another image of buildings
there are mountains back there
perhaps there could be some barricades or officers to protect the safety of the people there .
this photos very blurry .
just play the game
that panorama kind of boring . what am i looking at ?
enjoying the serenity
looks like a fun night out !
i wonder what led her up here , going for a hike ? i ' d love to travel here sometime .
who put these rocks in my path ?
such a nice pose for a potriat
his air mic skills look amazing .
those box cara fit on freightliners too
the light will start to turn on and off and then something will come and haunt you .
this bird can fly for miles and never gets lost .
the puppy is playing with a toy !
these kids are on a field trip .
this looks like a jungle
i like to rearrange stuff in the frozen foods section just to confuse people .
life , four days after a zombie apocalypse .
this is poison ivy .
pushing that cart would be horrible .
this team needs to be banished for the drug use !
i hate climate change .
i bet those cars are controlled by remote controls .
this is a nice view
i wouldnt get involved
the woman is smaller than the man .
you ' d have to be a coward to not go here .
wow , what a cool place for critters .
what a plethora of people waiting in line .
i love the way this mushroom looks . it adds a lot of color to the area .
i want to grow this
what a great activity
what bad looking group of girls .
she was excited to be playing with her brother .
the streets of this town run in all sort of quirky ways .
i would never go there .
jeez , what a moron , do you think he put enough shaving creme on his head ?
i want to get marries
how extraordinarily rude to have these power lines in my line of sight .
the man is fixing the roof
this is just a pictures of blocks .
i probably shouldn ' t prank this police officer , right ?
these players are exceeding everyone ' s expectations !
that looks like a great place to wrestle .
sweet roads dude
i found that in the middle of the orad
not sure this is a good idea
if i ran a race , i might not win , but i would be in the top few .
so awesome to see
why do some have crutches and some do , the 3rd guy will beat the rest easy
i am sorry you dont have weather like this
learning through play is the best !
the building is flawless .
these children don ' t know that they have no future ahead of them , because the earth will be too polluted in a few years .
make sure you bend your knees when you catch the bakk
i used to puke this color when i was a kid haha
a building we saw
i hate it when people pose over water . why do people insist on engaging in dangerous photography ?
this photo brings back memories .
no you can ' t have that book !
that ' s too dark for walls .
this girl doesn ' t know how to sit in a sofa . somebody show her before she hurts herself .
there can be another
i love their beautifully colored clothes and can ' t wait to speak to them .
my ideal man would be mr . charming who was handsme and into music .
this looks like something out of a horror film .
it is considerate to bring it home
the city at night looks like a football stadium .
i heard a noise
this is the stupidest , worst nook i ' ve ever seen .
looking great ! it ' s so inspiring to see somebody getting out there and going for it .
this area is rough , it will be hard to hike in this area .
i don ' t think they are cooking those right .
art like this shows the creative abilities of humans .
there ' s no way i could watch something like that . i ' d be so afraid that he ' ll hurt himself or , worse , me !
his face is supposed to be funny .
the story behind this photo really brings the relationship to life
this place fulfilled our honeymoon dreams .
i am ready to share my secret with the group .
no one could believe he really finished running .
this is a lively conversation .
doesnt she look like shes all that
from inside this ware house we do brisk business giving tours .
i want to spend some time with my boyfriend here , it ' s so romantic .
love to play here
reminds me of my childhood , chillin ' on the lake with my friends , fishing and watching the clouds roll in .
i ' m going to do anything i can think of to win this race
these actors did great in their play .
let ' s go be pirates !
think about the history this gauge has seen , people consulted this gauge that have long ago left our planet .
i hope they know what they ' re doing with all those exposed wires .
one really has to wonder how many souls this cold landscape has claimed despite being an attraction for entertainment .
ah how beautiful , i ' m going to get a picutre , oh no , i left my camera at home !
this area looks great !
this man is one with his greater power .
i think the first girl is prettiest . no , the second one . no , the third girl is prettiest .
there is too much going on in this photo .
the man was trying his best to be charming .
these colorful people bring me back to my childhood cartoons
i love eating snails ! french food is the best !
a day at the beach
oh man how beautiful . i know where my new cabin is going to be !
i bet that engine is huge and powerful .
i am so glad they invented lights .
this is amazing , how does he do that without stumbling
the guy in white looks intrigued . i wonder what he is looking at .
i don ' t have any talent for singing .
no one showed up for work today
what could be making them so happy
i stepped off the train and turned left , no idea where i ' m going but oh well .
i ' m not sure what ' s going on here , but it looks fun .
that ' s so empty . like something is missing . so sad .
i could never walk on a beach again after it almost washed me off the sand
polaris trucks are super heavy .
this scene is not very exciting .
how funny . those lights look like they ' re little ufo ' s !
this koala would make such a perfect pet !
why would you ever leave money crumbled like that ? tsk tsk .
these immigrants do not deserve freedom
the beautiful blue sky , and snow capped mountains makes me fall in love with mother nature all over again .
remember , you will die .
they are certainly high up .
i wonder what kind of beautiful bird this is ?
a lovely beach
this teddy is better than mine
you guys look fantastic , but you already knew that .
slaming beers round the bonfire
i feel so relaxed when i take the train .
this is one of my favorite singers !
they are destroying musical instruments and should be punished for their actions .
i think the fish are so sweet .
i wish i could ride by bike , but i hurt my back .
what a lovely photo
her glasses aren ' t near as cute as the ones i have .
the ocean in this scene is like a retreating dream from my vague , vague memory .
that is a stone
beautiful purple flowers after the rain
i just feel like these birds are super annoying .
that horse should be inside
it is so apathetic to stdy this rocks .
studious looking bunch
we have to prepare ourselves
an annoying drummer with a punchable face . i can ' t stand him .
this is an ugly tree , whoever says otherwise is an idiot .
i want to slap the smile off of his goofy face .
the photography was really good and scenario even
i really hope that thing in the background isn ' t a creeper .
dis cat ' s head is popping up out of the top of the post , what .
i hate graffiti
good for them ! they did it !
what beautiful scenery .
the boy ' s smile in this picture seem very cute but i would say it ' s better than cute and call it beautiful .
why are they doing this ?
kid looks cozy .
the roller skates were a nice touch .
you don ' t want to miss me !
a lot of people standing in one place
i feel the night sky climbing my back
the water hit the hard rocks with force .
there was no water anywhere .
i wonder if he was the best speaker for this event ?
the setting of this train station is peaceful .
looks like the perfect opportunity to jump in the car and see how fast it can go !
this couple is ordering two drinks .
that ' s a great picture even though its dark it really is . you guys look great don ' t stress it .
let ' s dam this river and poison all the fish .
oh is there a building there , i didn ' t notice .
looks like the winning team is holding the ball
who wrote this ?
hope he doesn ' t tri [
ah , what a luscious shade of green !
i am young , i am free , now hear me sing .
this lady looks so nice and happy .
the sun shines so bright indoors that he cannot afford to remove his sun glasses
this flooding can only mean one thing . catastrophe .
i bet no one goes in that shop .
it may just seem like a boring room for work but who knows what lovely stories could blossom even in the gloomiest places like this .
the legendary king horrow ' s grave
they are running
child works make us happy
hope he doesn ' t run out of oxygen .
the feathers in my dress are more fabulous .
the bird is pecking at the flower thing .
rawrawrawr this leaf me alone !
i don ' t think this hillside house is as beautiful and safe as the picture shows . i think it would be a terrible place to live honestly .
this photo is kind of boring .
i wonder who among them knows the meaning behind that sculpture .
as i look at the scenic snowfall , it brings me back to my hometown in alaska .
this isn ' t the tallest building , only one of the tallest .
they are looking out for each other , this is the way i would act too
i think i know someone like him .
an easy town to navigate as long as you know where main street is .
the value of these bikes is enhanced by their custom seats .
those peope look stupid .
what a nice old building
this man looks to be a boy .
what is going on here . are yall at an event or something ?
i admire those that learn foreign languages with symbol based language systems . how amazing .
wow look at that fire !
this reminds me of my mother who passed
its easier to find a gorilla then a needle in a haystack .
he needs to switch to english ; well , maybe not .
i could never afford this .
those tomatoes are fresh
the light makes me feel sick and angry , makes me want to smash my computer .
i wonder what kind of relationship he hopes to have with her
this is a peaceful and relaxing image . i think they should launch a giant flag from that boat so everyone on the island can see it .
i feel sorry for the cows dead for this meal .
it was an engaging little game and it was nice to see that the team had decent uniforms
what ' s the point of landscaping like this , it seems completely inefficient and impossible to scale .
i ' ve never flown one of those before - but i ' m sure i ' d be able to learn quickly , if i could afford it i ' d probably only need a couple of lessons , i ' m really good at driving and i once had a lessons flying a glider and i found it really easy - i don ' t see what the big deal is really
that could fly around the world
so many people are out having a nice day . . . too bad i ' m not one of them .
uhh where is this again ?
having fund in a hostile environment can be dangerous in a weather like this
this muscle memory is very technical and intricate
look at how mystical the guitarist looks .
light fare for me and my good friend after sanding the deck .
someone could get injured
engaging children early in these activities helps them learn to express themselves at earlier age compared to most .
hot pink is a bold color , i would never be able to show this off in public .
deep breath . you can do this
i don ' t think much to this picture .
finally some good music in this dump town !
the artwork in the back really isn ' t that great . i could do better .
a happy family .
i ' m too tired to play dress up like this
not everyday that you get to see an octopus type creature .
who knows how people come up with these things ? it is like divine intervention .
[ disconnect ]
thats an ugly building i wish i hadnt looked at it .
paint it black . paint it all black ,
i ' m not familiar with this win but i ' m sure it is good .
what the heck is going on here ? !
plants growing sideways
i would love to get into that interesting building
nothing matters anymore
i don ' t understand what ' s happening in this picture .
this makes me all emotional
i have seen prettier scenery than this . this looks like anywhere in america .
the temples sillouetted by the sun is beautiful .
i bet those cats enjoy taking baths .
we may never know if it was a mushroom or some kind of meat . . .
he looks like he ' s about to bring a word .
it started as a peaceful protest .
this is the most amazing ancient piece out there .
hmm can ' t see myself water is to murky .
time for a swim . who says the local animals are vicious ?
basketball team lining up to scrimmage
ready set go
that house is beautiful !
why aren ' t there any chairs for me
what the hell is that supposed to be , some stupid ancient building ?
i cannot understand anything
i wonder what happens if you put your tongue on the electric wire .
the boss should be more assertive with these people .
this is cute .
not really sure what to think of that
oh my , how absolutely lovely !
i am afraid these people are in trouble
train cars , makes you wonder what is inside .
i dont like the grass
notice how the child tips his plastic cup upwards to drink the liquid inside of it .
what a weird looking fence here .
the baby looks like it saw a food
there is nothing casual about this statue
riding on the shoulders of a grown - up looks like fun ! i ' d like to try !
i can read this in seconds
traveling perks unlimited .
big cities full of people comfort me .
i see nothing beautiful about the butterfly eating from flowers , it ' s just another relationship in nature where one is sucking the life out of another .
thanks for inviting me to see this picture
what is it ? just some leaves , right ?
we need to pray now and pray often
these kids are playing hockey .
this man is a giant !
i love the way the sun reflects off the rocks like it would on water
this reminds me of pollen season .
a tv above the mantle would make the kids cheer .
is she going to do a speach
that green tent totally matches the green surroundings , how beautiful !
baggy pants are funny
wow . . its beauty defenetly made me to have a repeated look on it
those birds are amazing looking .
that couch looks comfy . i can imagine both of those cats stretching and curling up to take a nap on it .
they do not look like they have rhythm , like i do . put me on the stage and i would do better
this looks like leisure . boats are not made for fun , they are made for work .
i ' m going to let my pet squirrel live in the tree for awhile .
the statue is made of iron
what a beautiful scene to display these flowers ! i certainly wish i could be there .
it is impressive to see how young people are using technology to communicate with people from all over the world .
they aren ' t playing that game as well as i do .
me just before i knock that loud - mouth guy ' s head off ! never lost a barroom fight yet .
why is it painted a different color than the wall behind it ?
architecture is really soothing
that looks nice
what a great ceiling with a lot of art .
driving is a skill dont intend to kill
the girl is sitting on the chair .
this look like a nice place to have a picnic and just relax and talk about life .
why is is arm red ?
this is not really my ideal view . i prefer less traffic .
another crummy picture of a crummy part of town .
i ' d hate to get this place dirty .
her smile makes me feel annoyed .
wow ! i want to achieve this soon ! beautiful ,
her hair is phenomenal ! she should take it down and run in the wind !
sculptures like this used to be colorfully painted , actually .
maybe the water evaporates instantly .
why are they picking those guys up ?
is the focus on the mushroom thing or the dog ?
i walk through the shadow of light
this island looks devious cause it is characterized .
what a nice evening for a stroll
the best place for your child to learn . the best
proud of the happiest moments , stay responsible anyways .
lovely ladies and their dogs
i adore the mountains . i ' d love to be able to dress them in tuxedos .
nope not a peach
maybe what ' s down is actually up , and we all are living the wrong way .
is there really a turtle or just rocks pretending to be alive ?
networking . the way to bigger profits .
what are those used to make ?
the picture compliments itself in many ways .
classically heartfelt cat photograph , i need a cat for my log cabin .
i love attending parties or events especially the food .
something about the almost sanguine look to this shade of red . i imagine it ' s a sight seen often in nature when a prey is caught .
so dinner tonight at the fancy restaurant ?
she wondered if the presents she ' d gotten for her daughter would make hannah smile .
they are planning for a party
losing weight this way is hard .
hitting the throttle at the precise moment the truck springs into the air .
i love the color of the car
it will be cool to smash a stone on this
the baby looks like he has down ' s syndrome .
wow ! it ' d be crazy to be in the real one
look at the long shadows i bet the sun never came out that day .
this girl is sitting in a pink chair .
i would take my wife on a hunt for this guy , we love hunting together !
the elves blessed the snowflakes so that they appeared as lights in the house .
the tree color is plain
another breathe held , another gold metal won
the young man in the front is at peace .
the pigs are gross and lovely .
i would ask this lady to teach me how to use a camera .
i could relax here . this scene is nice
if i were there i ' d be really teaching that girl , i don ' t think that guy is up to the job .
this reminds me of a quiet picnic on a placid lake .
such a lovely project ! i ' d be so proud to see my kids learn this .
the little boy is not even paying attention to what is going on .
i love mini sandwiches
these people seem to be having a great time , i love having fun
a city
haha those men are in a parade
my favorite thing is jogging on the thick snow
this is so outdated
what an ugly house . i hope it burns along with the owners .
is that flowers for the lady ?
this photo is emotional for the grandma
bright likes , big city is the only life for me
if a restaurants name rhymes you probably shouldn ' t eat there .
what does this lion think she is looking at ?
a little moth living his own left trying to make his own way in the world .
how cool would it be to live on a boat
how boring train
the statue has been still for over a century .
it ' s time to go to the beach .
i always pick up my trash when i visit here
the kid needs some clothes
i want to sneak up from behind them !
oh , no , i think i have blown it .
alien ledgent
another day another river stream !
hope he had a nice time .
this is just purely waste of money ! give it to the charity or something
i am not sure i could get my blood drawn
i bet that guy has no idea what he is supposed to be doing .
oh but that soup looks delish !
there was no other route to take .
such good looking chefs
messy warehouse with boxes by the window
i can ' t beleive they picked all those flowers
it would be awesome to see the countryside as my own .
i can never build this
the pack huddles as one
the see is an amazing place .
i wouldn ' t want to live there , may fall off a cliff .
i love this kind of music
i am excited to go to the spring fighter event . i have never seen a fighting game tournament , and i get to stay out until after midnight .
this place looks dreamy - i would love to go there someday .
is she even competing
this feather is awful . look at it stuck in a tree like an idiot . it isn ' t even that pretty .
a lot of people enjoying a beautiful place .
beautiful light of a city
the red of the cherries against that super - white background on the skirt , is simply energizing ! !
a gathering of folks
he is shocked to see that she wore the tiny pendant on her necklace that he got her for her birthday .
that ' s actually a bug believe it or not
they should just tear down the fence !
this picture makes me want to go out and live life !
i feel like it is going to spring up at any moment !
what a happy couple !
i wonder what this man is doing
i wonder if he ' s saying anything interesting .
and that ogre eats the kid in 3 . . . 2 . . . 1
its nice a photo
the rocks leading away gives great perspective to this photo , like a wandering path waiting to be explored .
scenic drives are good for both the body and soul .
do you think this is the eiffel tower ?
the cars look like they ' re all just bunched together , almost conversing with each other .
oh no ! that will scare a bunch of old people . i hope it doesn ' t give anyone a heartattack .
looks like theres some flirting
i wonder what her name is ?
to be honest , i would not be friends with these dudes .
i believe that owl is a coker mangle owl .
do you think its someone elses ? nah
i bet the photographer of this photo deserves a hug and a compliment .
i want to go here for some fun
she is about to kick that ball hard !
please get off me , i told you i don ' t have any money .
is he chewing on something ?
she makes me so happy
its so nice to look at this everyday . i am lucky
what a beautiful landscape ! our biosphere could look like this everywhere if only we pursued eco - friendly practices .
these adolescents appear to be interacting with a substance on the ground and smiling .
i wish i could work at a library . librarians ' jobs are so easy
i wonder what site this is and what is the significance of it ?
i just use my teeth
ah , yes , i too stare off into the distance , but that ' s because i ' m examining the stars and practicing survival tactics , not posing for some dumb picture lol
would love to ride through here on my bike in my clown costumer .
these people hiking look like little pinecones with helmets
i can barely tell the difference between each of these suits .
she  s happy but he looks frigid
people should realize how wrong they are about society . the structures we create will bring us all down .
always run down ramps , and take stairs two at a time .
a massive castle , with an enormous amount of people waiting in line to see it . i would think these people would have something better to do with their time .
the chinese are boring
i can infer this picture ' s aroma .
that totally looks like a fly in the reflection .
reminds me of when times were better . . .
these guys look like the are having a great time !
i live in nashville so we have to deal with the cma festival every year ! it makes getting around difficult because of all the traffic . i
this color is alone
getting the war zone ready .
i could build a much better pier than this .
looks like a cool place .
this building looks well - constructed
he should probably ask before trying to eat that food haha !
i just love the new artist that i saw .
ugh i don ' t understand what that says !
oh . . they shouldn ' t act so happy anything could happen
this is a terrible picture . the lighting is really bad .
when this fireman is done in this hot building he get to get his chili on
this band has worked the hardest of any other that i ' ve seen and they deserve the absolute best ! !
tackle that fool !
reminds me of someone i used to know
i think this picture is very pretty .
earch charish and land the respect to have i
i just want to go for a dinner too
putting together the new furniture as i put together my new life !
that looks like smoke exploding from the van in the middle .
this band calms my nerves .
cupcakes are dull without a good cup of joe along side
what lovely kitties .
the underdog is determined to not give up !
a group of men are standing around facing a building .
i could draw a lot of googly eyes with that pencil .
i know i could take him in a fight !
what a wild group of fish .
this is a big crowd
i wish i could eat dinner with them , i dream of having food that isn ' t bread .
watch that baby
taking a picture with your eyes closed is ridiculous !
they look like a formal , nice couple .
the calm before the race
why are trees green ?
think of all the people who have worn these rings in the past .
it ' s wonderful to see protesters using their rights to effect change . even if i don ' t believe in their cause , i still wish them well .
i wonder who ' s phones are these
art , beauty , and love of the soul
the smoke rose to the sky as did their spirits .
art is a cables box , in life
this is crazy , so many details .
i would be terrified to ride that shipping container disguised a boat .
seems like they ' re all forced to be crafting something rather than actively choosing to do it , maybe as part of a company event .
that looks like a religious symbol but religions are fake
down to the wire . . . hope he makes the shot .
oh my gosh she is like me and couldn ' t find her glasses when they were on her face .
a dull ride .
i salute the captain of this plane .
i would want to do this , but it seems too dangerous , but also that thrills me .
i bet this bands music was pretty cool .
very respectable signage
its always recommend to used a seat belt pad when wearing a tuxedo .
hmm , the couple remind me of two people i used to know .
the guard makes bank customers feel at ease when making their deposits and withdrawals .
i love the ocean . i wish i could live as a mermaid !
i don ' t like these fish at all , they are stupid looking .
such a simple toy can tell so much
these colors are gorgeously intense !
there should be some activities for the kids
his music makes me so excited and happy .
the family is making memories
get a closer shot of the screen , come on !
i ' ll bet that statue comes to life at night .
the way i speak to people i am in love with , it is like the beauty this letter has .
that bird will bite me . i just know it will !
when you question what exists then
lines and lines and rows of row like always
this is the best looking antique in the world .
this makes me want to stay inside
yea that music is too loug
marriage is such a beautiful , lifelong commitment .
we should leave the salamander alone in peace . do not bother it .
the picture is blue
if i was a mouse , i ' d spy on people .
the sun sets on another day without my true love .
look at this pond side picture , anyone could ' ve taken this , its not special
these are exquisite animals
the ladies look amazing ! i can ' t wait until they perform .
the colors are way to busy and hurt my eyes .
oh cure , one plane is giving a ride to the other . piggy back rides
i am leading this race well ahead of everyone else !
they must be hunting rabbits .
i don ' t trust those railings to hold .
i ' m gonna jump out at the next guy around the corner
the power of the voice is electrifying , especially when its coupled with such great poise , wow
what adorable little outfits ! the doggy ' s tongue sticking out is so funny !
this is very simple and sheek
having a family get together is great . that is , until my uncle comes around and starts questioning all my career , love , and life choices . then everyone starts getting curious and asking questions all at once , and i have to run and hide in the bathroom to get away from them . families . so great .
they look like great kids , they can do it ! i believe in their sweet faces < 3
the kids did not get the dance .
the view allows me to put my relationship with the big city into balance and relief .
i " literally " see in the shape of hearts .
it looks like a really tall guy with a sheet thrown over him is carrying the plaque looking thing . anybody else see it ?
i don ' t worry about what kinds of cars we ' ll have in the future because i will always find a way to get where i need to go .
look what you have done ? ! the world is 90 degrees out of kilter . horizontal water fall , your fault .
they are private school boys
even though the water was green and murky , i dove in anyway !
so precious a child with there father
what a nice , simple note .
i didn ' t tell anyone that i dropped this food on the floor .
what a wonderful celebration . i love their dresses .
what a lovely family . they truly seem to be enjoying each other .
running a triathlon while hopping on one foot would be a great accomplishment . go trevor , go .
the blue team better win this time !
innocent is everywhere
i really can ' t stand flowers
this city is often foggy due to varying resemperat
a blurry picture of a rooftop , and i am there as a woodpecker , knocking my noggin for grub .
what if someone sees me looking at those dresses ? will they assume i ' m a cross - dresser ?
they might fall through the window !
what a lovely meal
not much to see or learn from this woodcut
lots of people are around me .
using tools you don ' t know how to use is not wise
oh how i crave that food sitting on the table !
these people will never make it .
i am glad to see he is wearing his helmet
what beautiful plants ! !
what an intense looking dish .
i feel like running , even though it ' s a walking path .
i think your mom said the same thing about you .
so cool on the bar wall
those ladies are blocking my view !
i can just picture myself abroad eating some local delights .
they all waiting to see what i will do next .
i want to walk through this garden and destroy all of the flowers on my way !
sad so look people poor those
wow ! i have no idea how this bartender can manage all of those drinks , not to mention all of the tricks they do as well !
i would love to join their band , or at least see them .
everything is going to be fine , let
nice place to get wet and play in mud .
her legs look so thin in this photo .
just think about how many different people throughout time have looked at that statue
does the bride look sad in the photo ? i ' ve been staring at her for 10 minutes and she looks sad . don ' t you think ? well ?
everybody , lets zingo ! ! !
these guys are using their computers to take over the world .
scared lost uninvolved
rock musicians are definitely the rebels in the music world .
i love how these woods have a beautiful yet eerie look to it .
i can feel the dull wind just looking at this
what a nice young woman
imagine what this man ' s parents must think of this .
too excited to come to this place
i ' m tired to hear that piano music ! !
just a typical monday afternoon !
i can ' t wait to visit such beautiful towers , i ' ll have to contain my energy upon seeing them in person !
i dont think we can clean these walls
this is a store that is an empty as the consumerist culture which it represents .
this is weird .
it ' s loud here , but there ' s nothing i can do about it .
would love to see this rhino play in a playground . i bet he would have so much fun .
* laughs * look at this dude
let them out the zoo and back to antarctica !
i hope he will find his ride for a haircut .
these doodles are more like poodles !
still water lets the mind breath
poor little boy looks worried . i want to give him a hug .
there should be more traffic
advertising can often be a better predictor of human psychology than psychologists .
wow an aerial shot of water and buildings . . . how original
clowns get a bad rap , we should be thanking them for their hilarious work .
this would be too much work to have this land !
this should be must .
what does the statue seem to represent
look at the sky , wow
what a stunning example of landscape photography . the lighting is perfect , and the artist ' s use of foreground and background is wonderful . i wish my photos came out so well !
that guitarist looks like he ' s about to fall off the stage , how funny .
they dance slowly
two gentlemen and one lady are seated on the bench
that ' s a wild looking bird there !
you might think its a hot tub , but i dont think any coeds will get in with you .
the greatest scooter racer in the world uses sailor moon to power his bike .
a colorful mess .
what a beautiful sky , i bet that building is proud to be under it .
the whole game rides on this , i can ' t even look !
that tree looks like something out of a horror novel . i bet some dark entity lives in it ' s branches .
those chairs were made in my country .
i like thai food but not the dish on the left .
so glad to see communities getting involved and speaking up !
yess a smiling couple ! ! ! i love it ! !
look at the shiny glaze of the ground with the perfect natural light gradient .
these people look ridiculous , what are they even holding ! ?
this is good information
business isnt for me
this flower should be taking care of .
that is quite the little driver .
look at the little people with their little lives .
i ' m not sure what this machine does , but i am hopeful one day i will encounter it and learn .
there it is .
not sure how , but i bet you could do a better job of it .
while the sunflowers offer a spot of contrast and color , the white material on the handbag is going to be prone to showing dirt .
a boring concert , reminds me of the good old days , not good anymore .
i love love love kitties ! : 3
i think the person that made this flyer has potential .
efgabcdef learn the scale . the keyboard of life . learn about vibrations , and hertz , and you can control your mood as easily as selecting a favorite tract .
those lwere ok like some rocks i have climbed before .
that looks much too expensive
i am a collector of catcus . this is really a passion of mine .
not bright enough for me .
look at the drops bounce up and down !
there must have been a bad wreck and the family came out .
this looks like toilet paper
that is so sweet she received an award and a gift .
its cold how these two looks like copuples
i would really like to explore this fossil further to see what sort of animal it is .
that elephant looks so massive , even from this distance !
that should not be there . its awful
i ' d like this image on a wall .
you have to watch for the brass in the back
the projector should be on the floor
every day we pass by small pieces of art , not even noticing .
its weird that the cobblestone is in such disrepair
the generations pass on the wisdom and love to new life
that is a lot of books
looks like a good picnic . i could go for a picnic , or actually , maybe a swim instead .
we should scramble all the buttons on the machines and see what happens
why did the builders put in concrete for the building !
someone off to the side said something hilarious . i wish i could have been a fly on the wall !
i would not be caught outside in the stripped shirt he is wearing .
i hope the truck doesnt fall over into the tent
that glare is annoying
i have hard feelings about anyone who gets to enjoy this place .
what a whimsical drink .
i don ' t know if i would want to do that . . . i probably would . maybe not . . .
nothing he said made any sense
i wonder how these grew in the first place
there ' s no imagining that face .
the girls were so astounded that the event was canceled that they all smiled in an outrageous unison .
they need to put roll bars on go - karts and race them down mountains .
i perceive you were having rather remarkable evening , perhaps with the assistance of several spirited beverages .
this picture is amazong
this guy is having a really good day !
i don ' t think that will work .
if you look closely i think you can see the faintest hint of a smile lol
for god , and country ! bring back the traditional ways !
what a fun time , great music .
what kind of animal is this ? kill it with fire
just looks like another painting .
there is no margin for error here .
this group competently blends post - rock and jazz influences into a supremely satisfying sound .
what a beautiful looking figure . i would put this on my mantle .
the visitors stroll through the street , gazing at avery shop window as if it is a portal into a beautiful magical kingdom .
that seems really cool
i am looking into buying this estate or one like it .
where are they running to ?
that meal doesn ' t look like it ' s prepared quite right . can some of the ingridgents be changed out so it ' s more appealing ?
i hate the look of this tree ! and it looks cold outside .
this used to be my playground .
a new beginning from disappearing pasts
who is rivera ? who are the flowers from ? what kind of flowers are they ?
the bird seems fragile
the old house
i am afraid of height
the blue wall makes me feel young and energized .
yes , by nature , i am a romantic .
i wonder what this is a tour of . i can ' t stand not knowing !
to the next level they said , a ok !
anyone laughing that hard should have something stronger than a bottle of water in their hand .
i think this image needs some more light in it , the backgrounds are a bit dark .
i do not think that water is as safe as i would like .
green is a calming color
parking away from the city is cheaper , i would park in that lot .
a gathering of friends . either watching star trek or star wars . positive .
the rain serves them right
good they are finally tearing this down , room for new businesses !
pretty cool image .
i ' m not sure why he is carving the turkey that way .
there are just too many camares
i ' ve always wanted to go rock climbing like this ! i ' m sure my cat can teach me plenty on how to do it !
i see cats . i also see grass .
i wish they all had on shirts . without the shirts it looks uneven and out of place , they need to fix that .
looks like a great pageant , but the costumes are all wrong .
where is this ? i just decided i want to go there .
these boys have done something wrong , you can see it in their smiles .
this photo utilizes several photography principles .
where ' s the nuts senior ?
alone , all alone , just like this water tower . that is how i feel .
i think this is dangerous
i pour my sweat , blood , and tears into this . wouldn ' t have any other way
we all live here someday
the speaker wasn ' t pleased at the turn of events .
what would be the purpose of this ?
i am so happy for their engagement .
i would be willing to try off road biking sometime .
! uniforms cute in people cute what awe
logo t shirts are a dumb thing to wear .
that water is looks absolutely filthy !
that dog looks like it would jump on my work clothes !
the city needs to crack down on signage today !
cumbersome curious anxious
she looks all business .
they look nice . . its good lookin ' . . we are ok
must every blank wall have some nasty graffiti on it ?
that has to be the worse bridge architecture i have ever seen . tell me i couldn ' t do better .
i seen lot of buildings hole city
the mirror reflects a harsher version of herself cloaked in red
that pregnant woman is beating people !
this is a nice little craft , it would take a lot of supplies and time to create this .
he talks in friendly way .
this is a good picture
[ disconnect ]
ugh i love graffiti so much , i can ' t even help it . like this looks good to me .
great perspective when they built this
this bridge is a perfect place for a date .
when i look in the mirror it is almost as pretty as this close up of these blades of grass .
what a boring parade
or maybe we should all just work hard for what we have and stop envying others !
this is the nd time this week !
what a breathtaking structure !
i laughed at the ingredients in the bowl .
that sunset would make a picnic gorgeous .
oh this looks super cool . i like what they ' ve done with it
why is the woman on the end ? there ' s only one in the group , could have at least put her in the middle .
it ' s just some parts on the inside of a computer , no big deal .
if i were them , i ' d just be swimming instead .
are they going to eat their food ?
i wonder how much those portraits cost .
i ' m afraid of bridges
this makes me think of home . way to stimulate the senses .
somewhere cool for building a house
every mountain is a volcano i studied in school .
does it seem like it snowed there ?
train rides are great for podcasts .
i hate them
such a beauty queen
i feel like that thing is looking at me funny .
if i were her , i ' d punch him in the face
the opening in the rock seems to hint at an intelligence behind it ' s careful placement .
remember james and these fishing trips on the lake . i sure do . what a great time .
leaving the city to be with nature .
this soap is made from goat milk and is healthier for the skin
this baby is getting ready to bake a cake
i would love to go shopping here , and buy as much as possible .
this brings back the good old days .
well , don ' t they look great together !
one day i ' ll live there
a boy and his dog having fun in the sun .
this girl ' s look through life looks like so much fun ! !
id love to kick their shoe just to spook them
this is pure . . . pandamonium !
wow , that bell is so rustic !
jearsy yellow and black a
luminous , bright , green
don ' t tell me you want to cross this busy street . no way !
i wouldn ' t take a picture of my house looking like that .
where ' s my digging equipment ? no telling what i might find !
the flower burned red like a dwarf star . petals of mass flash yellow and attract attention .
make sure it has the zoom feature !
i would have went swimming in the fountains !
what a nice church
i am slightly warm at this sight .
just chillin ' while i tour the city on the top of a bus .
i cant paint wall like this
i hate the front seat
i wonder how she can see with those glasses on .
i would be scared of falling into the river
i remember when my cat did things like that .
dude , awesome abs bro
look at the little pink flowers
night number 2 in paris
there was an ominous message hidden within that bright purple exterior .
there ' s something interesting going on just off to the left of the frame . . .
there are parked cards by the edge of the field .
not too shabby
those 2 of the left don ' t look like they are trying to hard .
this is definitely where one should go in spain .
what a beautiful picture of the white house !
such a weird plant
looks like a very good way to get exercise and enjoy a day with friends
one little push , and sploosh
put me behind the wheel at that track . i ' d win every time .
you can ' t get far with comics . you ' re better off doing graphic design .
i wore a hat like this to my surprise party in rome . of course i also wore it when i backpacked through europe .
i think i could have a good time here .
taking on the world with a kite !
i love to see women get awards for hard work .
i can attest that the 3 persons here were in attendance .
the rules on this sign must be followed . . . it is utterly important that everybody obeys the rules .
some building , i doubt i have been there
i do not have time for this .
oh my gosh . the smoke is soooo neat !
what an ugly place and not just ugly , old !
i ' m so jealous of all of those people who get to be out on the water .
she should let that child stand up to get his legs stronger .
tall buildings scare me
i am a little sad .
this green rectangle here . . .
to many power lines and ok looking buildings tell me we should improve this area for the betterment of people because this simply isn ' t enough !
yeah , wow , the sun looks great but . . . why is the grass not greener ?
this might be a self driving car
lets get the run over with
i could see a thirsty person wanting one .
this guy ' s hat is pitiful
it ' s a nice looking building .
i doubt those bike handle bars are as good as mine .
when we hit the shore , i want a hard target search of every boat house , out house and hen house in a three mile radius .
programming some software for the corporate suits .
this seems a little boring to me .
that water looks to be very rough .
so relaxing and nice
i don ' t think these kids have good work ethic . they are playing games instead of studying .
i wonder if i could climb to the top of that
i bet if i loosened a few bolts on that table , it ' d fall to pieces the second someone leaned on it .
i don ' t feel comfortable going into this bar .
look like father and daughter
there are 4 different sections it seems
the great place to do research
such dreamy children
this is really calming and peaceful to me : )
this dirty water is making me anxious
this is an old man .
all the criminals come out at night
he looks very young
i feel sorry for them , they have been through a lot .
too bad the shed is too small .
this is pete ' s reaction when he " discovered " he was going to be a daddy in 6 months .
even new blooms can ' t make it better .
i would love to run all through those mountains ! up and down and all around .
what a sad end for christmas lights
the car may be old , but it ' s a reliable drive .
he looks very athletic !
i don ' t think bicycles should be allowed on the street .
absolute genius place to practice my back flip .
it is nice to cover things up .
doesn ' t move me .
is this really a picture from earth ? or perhaps it ' s a picture taken from another planet ! the truth is out there !
it is so dark here and i wish i had people around to keep me company .
that ' s a big ego .
thats an interesting moth
don ' t come at me .
his tie color is great .
this is amazing , two people posing for a photo .
i hate gold cars , they remind me of my ex . i want to cry everytime i see one .
quite a nice flower
this pool looked like it was miles deep !
they all look very nice .
they look happier than me .
this looks like a sisterly love to me
this flower arrangement is terrible .
four of the six are mid stride
what a great artist
i don ' t understand how anyone can drive on that narrow street .
i can ' t wait to try that too !
i could do a better castle
i love the bright blue .
i would love a chance to hike in this area
i feel bad for all of these people ! i bet their legs are burning after walking for so long .
she is annoying looking
i would probably trip someone on this beach .
what a tall building
this guy looks like he wants to stab me
wow , it is going to run !
very intelligent personality
this structure is too tall
wow . it ' s a building . how impressive .
. over forked getting are people of bunch a . glutton a is guy one
those lights are out because of the price of oil in saudi arabia .
this is such a beautiful ceiling ! i think i ' m in love with it . i could just spend hours staring at it .
a lovely scene .
can anyone tell me what is the name of the flower ? why is the bride wearng white ? ?
um , where ' s the adult supervision here ? ?
what decade does that airplane hail from ?
i ' m so glad they gave us a guided tour
i wish you had a beach like us
that looks almost ombre - love the colors
running daily to ensure a healthy life style and keeping a conservative mind state
happy life is heaven life
taxpayer dollars at waste on horses of all things .
this place looks unique . lets ' s go inside and browse .
a very bleak and sober day
seems like a place to jump into the water from .
i know her bottom hurts in that outfit
is this dog going to bite ?
wow , this makes me want to go on a hike with my boyfriend ! we could run around , maybe play tag , prank each other !
great legs . i wish i had legs like that !
that tree is older than the others .
she looks as bright as the sun
burning man has declined lately .
skyline from nowhere usa
the image is not too clear
what a nicely done job
they ' re ready to take on anything
this looks like a really relaxing experience between friends , lovely
how wonderful , great to think that someone would hold anything but this is crazy !
an alright picture .
i hope that wheel gives somebody a bad cut .
theres something off about this bus , it looks a little off , or way different than other buses .
we had lily pads like this back at my grandma ' s farm house pond in the 50 ' s .
shelters that take rescues dogs like this one are saving a life and potentially changing a family for the better !
a rainbow of drinks !
it ' s almost like you can ' t see the butterfly .
this a cool color
i admire the makers of this . i love this stuff !
looks a bit disgusting .
what a quaint , nice little town .
whoa looks cool
this will be cool for work
camel be thinking . . . " can i eat that " ?
listen very close
what an adventurous filet of fish !
what does this mean
the hills are at such distances , one would like to soar through the field to touch them and reach for the mountains , its a beautiful sight .
these volunteers have such big hearts .
here comes the crowd to watch ! !
looks very glamorous
i ' d eat my own pepper plant .
the every night routine .
the owner of this nmw has a lot of doors opening for them
sugar and blue dye number five . nothing better for a growing kid .
i want to wear that outfit
ah , mark twain once commented that the coldest winter he ever spent was a summer in san francisco . the chill of the morning fog creeping in and enveloping the golden gate bridge , the icy green bay waters . . . reminders of how solitary life in the city can be .
that blue is such a ugly color
there were pillars and escalators all the way up
i would love to stand there
are you trying to bore me with this , or what ? what a waste of time to even have to see things like this . anyone here viewing this needs a life .
where is he going to ?
ugh , they better actually clean up after themselves . half the time campers like these ruin a place
he ' s gonna light this place up
i ' m sure she never did gymnastics
babies are nice .
a party or a gathering ?
i love morning dew its makes me remember my love
the ocean is as calm as a regular simple day
this picture is ugly , why even bother taking a picture of a pig ?
i ' m not afraid to try any of those weird foods .
their hairstyles are grotesque .
my first walk with my new sweater
her hair appears playful
this singer seem like he is talented and focused .
good old american sport of soccer . we do it better of course !
what a crazy creature all the hair and the legs and details
i like my pictures better
yeah , he didn ' t get that high .
i really liked that color back then
you think this is a good pic ? lol
the lines to go up in this thing are so long , it ' s not worth it .
whatever it ' s just birds
this looks like such a super cute quaint town !
oh yea . . real cool
it is buying culture , to be sure , but what a beautiful exchange of the human soul occurs when we open ourselves .
you can tell they worked hard for this !
i would drop that boot and run and act like it never happened !
this park looks so serene . hoping the world can find peace in times of turmoil .
i look forward to today ' s events .
sometimes people at these events " overrate " their qualities but perhaps his confidence is above normal .
this guy looks melancholy .
uh , there is a uh village by the sea
two socks by the ears , you really have to go for the tickle toes now .
i could see being shy while out on the bridge .
that ' s a really cheap looking shade of red .
this makes me angry
this sculpture is cracking like the poor art it is .
this picture doesn ' t even matter . this guy is pointless .
clutter is old school
a hockey game
a starfish that looks like a star .
do you think those cars are really there or the photo has been manipulated .
maybe they lost their ball and trying to find it .
the bird that flies is kept in a cage .
makes me feel proud for my country
to be sitting in the grass contemplating life in the sun !
thank god for my best pals and a good time ! i hope this never ends !
this is the diet of destruction
i can ' t believe these players are so argumentative today .
i wonder what the smr represents ?
dirty planet , horrible , won ' t last
i hope the hats don ' t entail the energy level
a fine quality soup with the perfect ingredients
white barn grandly perched on a hill
i wonder if the water will erode the concrete over time .
look at this beautiful hill so green and still covered in snow .
the boys have such a great relationship .
i couldnt imagine going out there
i want to set that on fire .
this comment may be offhand , but what is happening here ?
i bet they ' re all thinking , does the line ever end ?
that guy on the far right is up to something . if i were the other people , i would keep my eyes on him .
assembled and ready to go
that is it , good doogie ; there you go buddy ; shake that thing !
i can ' t stand those orange flag people . they are absolutely useless . they need to be eliminated .
i think that striped shirt looks bad .
so its a person with a horsehead on . . . ok next
he should draw his shadow with chalk
i wish i could play with those dogs
such a quaint little vehicle ! this lovely retro futuristic style is always so easy to be enamored with .
i don ' t wanna be here
if you get bit by one of these , youre dead .
bet this group is going to have a party night !
i would love to try carving a stone like this one .
the leaves are full of life
this doesn ' t look good
i can do better than them at this .
the mountains can seem aggressive .
in a perfect world , everyone can appreciate art
it is very wise that he is wearing a helmet , especially going down that hill .
the cute dog loves his master
the bicycle is definitely old school .
it just needs a little water , and a lot of love .
i ' m talking to her but i don ' t think she ' s listening .
what a historic fantastic arch !
oh , my goodness , a little pupper !
this looks terrible , what is it
the police dont stop me from doing what i want !
my bank account needs this many numbers !
this lizard looks so trippy .
a bunch of hacks
it ' s a train , so what ?
that orange color is just the pop we needed in the garden to brighten our front lawn .
the worst robot i ever saw . you brought me here to see this ?
research shows mascot costumes are detrimental to children ' s psyches .
i wonder who would win in a fight between a grilled cheese sandwich and a taco
are we ready to do this ?
eh it ' s fine i guess
i wonder what the story is behind this sad building . i hope the people who lived there were all ok if there was any kind of tragedy with the building .
oh wow ! such a beautiful landscape ! bucket list for sure
he shoes are going to get it dirty
the architecture us in this building as wonderful .
oh yeah , another sunday of peewee football . how exciting . not !
they are both just walking and coming up with incredible ideas .
these vibrant signs take my bouncing imagination to other places .
that looks like such a busy and loud street .
i want all of those to be the same size , why are they not ?
the color of this bug is bland .
this tire isn ' t as nice as the tires on my range rover .
a trampoline is a typical backyard fixture when someone has children .
deep in thoughts ! i can relate , if i were sitting in a bus and it crashed i don ' t think i would even notice haha .
i would like my ashes scattered in this canyon .
yay we finally have birds living in our bird house !
the boxes are stacked right
mans best friend
what amazing pictures !
i would love to have these to hand out to the poor .
eekkkk ! blue screen of death . i hope my laptop isn ' t dying !
looks like a great game . . . they must be having fun . . .
lounging like this cow !
lets hope his speech doesn ' t take forever because i will fall asleep and snore loudly !
not a fan of the outdoors . this picture is so cliche .
that type of painting will never sell , it is simply not colorful enough .
this would be a nice picture , but the sun kinda ruins it .
his outfit is hilarious .
the violet , chartreuse , and crimson hues are simply glowing in the gloaming .
children are the future of our world , may they drive it in the right direction like they do with these go karts .
good on these guys for being out there in the cold !
they complained this trip is going to cost $ 50000 but i think it was worth the extra pay .
nice ship there
this guy is looking ok .
this looks really cool !
this weird animal looks as ugly and unhappy as i am .
we will never find the wedding ring .
what a beautiful piece of art
how many potatoes had to die to feed you !
this fish is rare but important for our well being .
seems like a waste of a good boat !
lovely building site
omg that singer is the best ever .
the buckets are my life
wow ! blue ! my favourite colour ! it has so many uses !
i think this would be fun .
why does this baby have a fully grown adult ' s head ?
the bright lights make me want to slink away for the spotlight .
weird and unusual sculpture
they are about to get beat by my kids soccer squad
it looks alright but i wouldn ' t go there .
god save the queen is what i think when i see this .
i ' d love to be able to fly . birds eye view every day
the tension mounts as to who the winner will be !
lets take it home
it looks like a bad night
there are some walls and a barbecue .
i wonder if fairies live at the end of this path ?
i would prefer a nicer house with a more well - kept yard .
where the heck are all of there shoes ? this is just disgusting and unsanitary .
not interested in pizza these days
someday , we will end global warming and the ice caps will freeze once more .
this picture is photoshoped
these girls look like they ' re trying to hurt me ! i think i need to attack them first !
i would go up as high as i could for a good photo
what a little brat
looks like a beautiful day out there !
a boring sport only popular in a rubbish country , what a waste of time !
this church looks so tall and stern i ' d be scared to go inside .
i bet they could fly off of that cliff .
this outfit looks like too much work , i ' d rather wear sweatpants .
for as far as the eye can see , i am the only civilized being . say , you put that lotion on yet ?
you cant do that
this is pretty
the cars parking under the shade are lucky , it won ' t be as scorching inside on a sunny day like this .
i think this piece can be cleaned a bit more thoroughly , the dirt is taking away from the intricate detail .
alone man forest
theres so much happening in this image that its annoying
such a good energy at the gig
why are there three of the same ? !
isn ' t that guy dead ?
you should submit this to the paper
oh , a building .
this picture is very inspiring .
i can not believe how many bricks are in that .
this is a beautiful creature created by god .
my dad used to love snowshoeing . he was such a great dad .
who ' s belly button is bigger
my good friend , sits and looks at this quaint town while we ' re on our journey across the lands .
i bet these mountains were glad to see me .
you are here
flow into the river
these tall buildings are the greatest
if you play sports , your ' re just a dumb jock with very little future . you live your high life in high school , and then you serve me fries with my burger .
i ' ve made a blanket out of this kind of yarn before , i should totally do another one !
this woman thinks she is the coolest .
the boy looks scarred
he seems to be a wanderer .
a scenic landscape
what a horrible color of purple that building is ! they should throw away the whole building .
such a great sunshine
kill yourself with these pointless images .
omg this looks fake
if you walk through that doorway , you are bound to find wild and crazy times .
so many possibilities about what they could be talking about !
to have a dog is the american way .
this is captivating with that yellow !
her expression stirs great thought within me .
i don ' t think she came prepaired to ball today
on a day like this id curl up inside and mope
oh it looks like they ' re having a fun game .
that is a picture in a frame on the wall hahaha .
the sunlight on the water is like ice floes .
neat . this is a fascinating photo .
i had a flat tire just like this and a stranger stopped to help me and it meant so much to me !
this cat ' s eye are evil
imagine a little bunny hopping down those stairs
the door on the right is the wrong one .
it looks like he is nervous , i hope he does ok !
how i miss those carefree days of drinking at a bar with my friends .
i love the glasses
wow a dog ! ! ! i can not believe there is a dog ! i lovve dogs so much ! ! !
her flower garden doesn ' t even look that great this year
this stuff really needs to stop
he looks to be upset .
why is she smiling like that ?
what a beautiful hotel ! i would love to spend the night
traffic is the absolute worst ! especially in situations like this where i can ' t just pass the person as fast as possible !
this nissan driver drove very dangerously .
redd ? but that truck is blue !
it is such a beautiful collection
this color is rigid
the green wasn ' t up to " par " .
the flowers are blooming and are coming to life . look at the sun in the background , it ' s just amazing !
we do not censor the words of children but let them freely engage
in school or out of school , it really makes no difference .
those suits really pop out and garner attention
it sure would be a shame if he slipped and fell .
it is going to be a beautiful baby .
the way the sky is making everything else look black is annoying
i wish i could be a pilot like this guy .
i just love this building . its simply adorable
this is very colorful and fun .
these boys should really be eating with their pinky up
that alligator is huge
it looks like he ' s having a good time !
i bet that ride would be relaxing .
that polka - dot jacket is adorable !
that is a bit much , they need to be arrested .
they all deserve to fall off
what a beautiful mountain , i wonder how it was formed
i like that tint on the black . it goes with my suit .
i could care less about trees like this , they might as well be torn down .
she should let me give her a makeover !
i ' ve never seen that and honestly i don ' t really care .
marissa always makes fun of me .
fly , little bug fly
if you only knew what this actually means . . .
can definitely have one of them on my boat .
those are very interesting rocks , though not wonderful or fascinating .
my sad cats little feet . i miss him so
the stripes on the colums and the glowing red light in the background makes for a lovely scene .
i have no idea what that thing is . what is it used for ?
enemies can always make up .
they are coming from a long distance
oh my goodness ! what an amazing picture !
this is a fixer - upper .
sometimes its okay to park your car on the street .
that building is breaking the rules
i want to hug them
i think this city could be nicer .
give him more pens
not everyone will understand .
looks like the police , what scum .
which side is the top and which is the bottom ?
a stately building , probably a local or regional office of a company or government .
if you want to take great pictures you need a great camera .
" two of what ? " , i wondered .
he is an athletic little guy .
this is how mornings go
the water is constantly moving , just like all of us .
structural sound
i don ' t like this stuff tbh
i can dash right by them
such a nice place to start
reminds me of how i feel every time it rains , so sad , every time . . .
in memory of those we ' ve lost
none of these guys can play better than me .
my own roots have had to climb walls too .
this baby doesn ' t put up with people ' s stuff .
my family would love doing this together
late night lights , great on trips .
it looks bored out there .
fall leaves
i like to see kids doing exercices .
what a pretty bird
i wish i could be that goofy .
i just kept running around the naked woman statue
now just relax and wait to see the result .
it looks like they are drinking , i hope they have a designated driver .
haha ! a mascot playing golf ? this is so funny !
a fun day with the hubby
there is nothing boring or simple about this rock formation
i doubt birds migrate nearly as far as people say .
two young children are infront of what seems to be alien language and should move before something pops out of the wall to get them !
that rope could be used for some bad things .
thank god for this
that place looks old
i gaze into the sunset and feel the weight of the day lift off my shoulders .
what profound color for the study to help me think .
the guy is not paying attention .
this landscape looks awful , i hate it .
wow , what an idiot . . . does she know how stupid she looks dressed in that stupid pink outfit .
what ' s with that tiny little desk or table ? are they gonna have kids running the place ?
the sky looks so soothing
the dreary scene makes on forget their obligations in life .
i believe this was used in ancient times .
the classmate in front of the boy is ready to yell out and try everyone as very emotional
the dad at least looks happy !
the bird is trying to lay an egg
those birds are playing tag !
i wish that i could be this man . he looks as though he has no cares in the world .
this superhero costume has captured my heart and now i earnestly hope to one day find this exact costume for my wedding day .
these girls work great together
she doesn ' t look happy
this is poorly lit hands .
he doesn ' t seem to have the right attire for the occasion .
the only time you get people to exercise is by promising food at the top of the stairs .
that looks like somthing
i love the wig ! i want to wear one now ! ! ! ! ! !
what a phenomenal sight , truly a wonderful measure of nature !
i wonder what this represents ?
i really doubt this sport is rough as it looks .
brainless and foolish design
looks like a bowling alley score card .
some religion has taken care to preserve their sacred rituals through the years , even the colors symbolize certain things .
that pond should be fixed
the oranges are perfectly ripened .
please don ' t stare at him for too long . it hurts his feelings .
the strange moment when you know you have to sneeze , but can ' t
people should learn the rules of the road
im not sure what i am looking at here
this is such a peaceful place
the deepest part should be the middle .
the yellow car is not as good as the red car .
i can see this book is smart .
must be a movie scene
this grafitti realy speaks to me .
spanish style house
kick the bikes over lol .
imma hope on one of those camels backs and yell yee hah !
i know it isn ' t what those poles are meant for , but they look like they belong in an american ninja warrior obstacle
the dog staring right into the soul of those who care .
nice view of beach
i wish i had that camera , what a lovely camera .
i ' m nervous about alleys without someone watching my back .
you ' re all grown up !
i dont really enjoy eating there
it is laughable that anyone thought this woman has a face made for advertising .
the wave pool is amazing , it looks so much fun and wonderful
if she is dating him she needs to look at her life
they shouldn ' t have drawn her naked .
sometimes his behavious is childish
keep buying more goods , you ' ll just go bankrupt .
im an so confused
couldn ' t think of a more fun place to be .
i must go buy a new record now !
i could do a way better speech than this person .
i will like to have that as my house decotation
i bet those trees are healthy and strong , providing a lot of oxygen for the community .
i could catch that and sell if for big money !
team players are the best partners
it appears as if the rail was not anchored correctly
how can they place such an amazing mural above such outdated vehicles .
i wish i had the time to go to the beac
that room is so dark , like my soul .
i bet those explosions are very loud
he doesn ' t care about the human race .
hey pass me the ball ! you know i ' m better at scoring than you anyways !
i ' ve grown wise enough in my years to know to avoid cacti .
i ' d love to take my motorcycle through here and just blast around
i wonder what her deal is .
i wish everyone would stay home . there ' s too much traffic .
the tisp , tuft of the wings suggest an sense of great creativity in pointing out land features from above
this bird is so free
what just chillin
she better hurry up and take that photo before the dog moves !
is this a cupcake ?
the wall is too shabby
he looks so lost
they are going to need to cut more room
i ' d like to go 4 wheeling through this field on a muddy day .
that baby looks so happy and surprised !
it looks like building under fire
nothing like walking out onto that deck to look at all the beauty .
such a relaxing morning watching soccer
always deliver , no matter the size of the audience .
im not trying one of those
putting a small child on a bicycle without a helmet is a sign of bad parenting .
why can ' t the sky turn green instead of red at night ?
he ' s getting very into his performance
polar bears unite ! i love snow and ice and frigid , freezing weather . i ' d love to dive in there with these nuts and swim , and then lay on the ice to catch a few rays .
congrats on holding the balloons , you look so proud and handsome .
bet those arent overpriced x . x
wow i can ' t believe they still allow smoking .
i ' m sure that dog will be much more lively after resting !
this game was a roller coaster ! very unconventional plays were performed .
i can ' t wait to catch a dove on myhand
this gives me chills
this bridge never did me any good . i ' ve hurt myself too many times here . i hate it
he looking at you
i wish i was at the top instead of the bottom too !
i wish i had a dance partner
this is a baseball game with lots of fans .
i love this woman ' s sari .
i don ' t like that guy ' s wavy hair at all .
if she ' d look she would have seen it
that tattoo on her leg has my name on it ! ! ! !
that man built that bridge and he needs to be honored .
he could light up a room
why aren ' t there any boats in the water ? there should be boats in the water
i ' m gonna go pull this weed . well , actually no . it ' s over there . i ' m good .
wow , who would take a photo of a ball .
i could live here
the little girl has features like her mother .
she looks like she is really there !
even cow also like to wear studs
i can ' t believe he took the ball of that little girl
it ' s great to see how clean streets and new industry is bringing life back into our town !
" i don ' t really think this is made from magic beans . "
you look really nice here . wish i was there having a blast with you !
they must be very hot in their suits
it sure looks like it was a lovely day for a race !
i would be worried about getting cold out there .
i hate him .
this will turn out better than we think .
this is literally what i sound like half the time .
i am in awe of the bush here .
don ' t get too close to the wire you may cut yourself !
what a meaningless image .
they were nice in the picture .
nice calm and comforting skys and water
why do people think this lazy animal is so cute ?
that elephant looks depressed .
cartoons are a good way to pass the time .
i can ' t tell what this is , a building or just an outline ?
this is the shade of a sick dandy lion .
those look like that place menchies where you get frozen yogurt
that plane would be great for travel .
man , my eyesight is really bad !
that dog is going to freeze out here
why would you leave items sitting there ?
man i really want to do that !
its a advertisement
these 3 gentlemen look like they are ready to take on the world almost seem fearful to others competitors
if i went there , i would probably turn into a bunch of lines .
thank , i ' ll call you .
centuries of influence from ancestors helped make this design a reality .
yeah , do it do it . she can ' t catch you . go go go
did they really have to put this drawbridge here , of all the places !
why is that guy looking away from the camera . come on dude .
mall a build and down trees the all cut say i
the loads on their neck are too much
he is working so hard for his family
i wish i was this talented !
awe , how sweet that is they love each other .
blah thats nice . \
i hope that no one gets trapped in this fire .
i wonder what is inside ? in fact i wonder what is outside ? i would have so many uses for a place like this , and of course there would be many secrets inside .
i hope he remains safe out there !
is this poisonous ?
yes , he looks normal now , but before he goes into the pub he shall don a silly hat .
oh it ' s my favorite color
her stark features are a bit manly .
a smurf up close ha ha !
the net looks very comfortable to sleep in
i bet it ' d be great fun to ride along the conveyor belt . i bet i could jump off before i got hurt or anything . i hope they get to listen to music while they work there !
her uniform conveys her image as a professional .
isn ' t it great when children follow in their parent ' s footsteps ?
looks like a fun band to be a part of .
sponge bob , are you ok ? lets get you back to the pineapple .
they definitely are
a 4th of july parade perhaps ?
i am the commander of this unit and they answer to me .
cute kid , but i can ' t stop staring at his feet without shoes . what if he gets a splinter ? steps on a bug ? this is not a safe environment to be barefoot !
this craftsmanship is just so average .
[ disconnect ]
who cares ? it was just an old tree .
gotta get a selfie underneath this big guy .
makes me want to get on a plane and go
oh i could stack those cans higher than your house even after drinking each one !
the wayward youth decided to get drunk in the middle of the afternoon .
a walk through a garden is the best way to get quickly get away from it all !
the blue and the patterns . i wanna learn to make clothes like that one day
mountains are mysterious and majestic .
that waterfall doesn ' t even matter .
i love the sound of the ocean
that would hurt !
this is such a fun shopping atmosphere to be in !
lucky ! i want to see that coast so bad !
this boat is over 100 years old and nobody knows how it got here .
i remember enjoying all these flavors , it was a more simple time .
the soccer player was in the zone .
i love chinese food , yummy !
my oh my , i wonder where these sailors are headed and what ' s happening at the waterscape !
i ' m receptive to this , i think they ' re trying hard to clean things up .
we should see what this guy has to say before judging him .
i want to take a picture
what an beautiful smile
he should stand for hours
not a lot of others way out here
very boring photo .
the gorgeous window makes me feel open to inspiration .
this color makes me depressed
i could sleep there for hours
should be the first tombstone on the right
young at heart
the person on the right looks sad .
kids do the cutest things
this house looks abandoned
there is quite a large market for this style of art . perhaps i ' ll invest .
honestly , those are the prettiest roses i have ever seen !
this view is so beautiful .
this reminds me of all the men who died in wwii .
what was the party for ?
love this , even in bad weather people are still out and celebrating - that ' s the way to live your life !
hopefully that child tapping on the glass at the bottom knows he could kill everyone if he ' s not careful .
we are going to paint the town tonight !
dreams of being a ship captin
there is a panda
is this desert color here
we don ' t climb the mountains because of their grandeur , we climb them because they are there .
how cute ! the look on his face is so deep . it ' s as if he is gazing off , pondering the mysteries of life .
the power does not flow if it is unplugged .
this is truly a moment in time . there will be so many reactions in just a split second after this picture was taken !
a look of destiny
jump in the creek !
these nighttime religious processions make me think i ' m inside a dream .
is this israel ?
they ' re probably talking about something we don ' t need to know .
as nice as the location is , a house here is to out of the way and high maintenance .
oh , there aint no way this will do . i mean just look at the color scheme .
such a pretty flower ! i ' m growing these in my garden myself : 3
i love the contrast between the animals and their background .
i ' m sure i could grow herbs like that myself .
it looks dark and depressing in this water .
these ladies appear to be in a cave .
i will never be as pretty as she is , it makes me sad to even see her .
i would be terrified to fall off this boat .
this is so interesting ?
the ocean is very powerful , sup riders must be careful
today i am supposed to mow the lawn and maintain the boat . i start with a beer and see where the day takes me .
anyone can take a picture of the ground from this height
they are having a great time
a happy day of finding animal tracks
those children really don ' t deserve this ceremony .
the place suggest an aired of classic
wooooow such a cool pic ( sarcastically ) .
she should really put on a coat
the kids had a fantastic experience with the animals today !
is he going to drive under the ocean in that thing ?
i don ' t think it ' s a safe color
sing me up ! ready to go right now .
omg ! i ' m love street art so so so much ! !
someone has to free this girl , she ' s trapped !
well i hope you have better luck with wife number 3 !
this man is one smart guy !
the concertgoer was very enthused by the music .
this view is so beautiful that i could cry .
generic family photo
the help is this picture is great .
this guy believes he is in charge .
i ' ve never a passionate venus fly trap before .
i wonder if this is a big bright light or the moon .
serious conversations
did you know that at one time this was supposed to be a building . they stopped building it for some reason and became and icon .
the filter gives me a sense of style and tone .
i don ' t know why but i feel as though this is dangerous ! !
ooh , that is just so cool ! i love that design , i want to visit !
this is beautiful
the street is so packed
that looks like such a peaceful clearing . i ' d be rolling around in it like a kid !
this is my dream
the owner of a chinese restaurant is sitting around , doing nothing , since nobody likes the food and they go elsewhere .
nature is very beautiful
that water is pretty murky . should be cleaned if they want to keep the animals happy . just my two cents .
he looks like he ' s having a great time .
i wish i could be here .
there are no wrong colors in the box
is this a talent show , perhaps ? i enjoy playing my harmonica in those .
he will win the fight
this picture just makes me want to be all alone by myself and away from all of the annoying people in this world .
i appreciate that they provided directions in english , also .
id do anything for my daughter
a lone tree in the field is the eternal winner .
lots of work is getting done . everyone is concerned about the project we are discussing .
[ returned ]
it would approximately 2 . 3 pounds of pressure per square inch to tear off that sticker .
those color are just perfect .
whoever took this photo needs to steady their hand , the blur is unbearable .
looks like some students listening to somebody .
i love red flowers !
during rush hour in a busy city it is just best to walk .
looks like the egg and the chicken came simultaneously .
what ! that guy can ' t hold the chicken like that haha it ' s a baby !
i ' m so annoyed at the clouds , i want to fish .
everything is grey . . . even this orange box looks grey to me .
kind of an odd photo , not sure exactly what ' s going on here .
i ' m always renovating my lawn !
the old time boat makes me want to have some old time river gambling fun .
what are you doing ?
not much to look at .
look very lonely person
what a beautiful color on the walls
they never fix the problems
the kid is running very fast .
his hair looks like he has put an old mop on it
silly looking bubbles
i could so hang out of the top windows on that bus !
public speaking makes me nervous but i would speak in front of this crowd without a second thought .
i didn ' t intend harm on the oranges , but they were too delicious
two children engaging with their playful inner souls .
clean and nice way to drive here
next time , i will put something in the shoes of all the runners at the track meet so my kid wins .
a nice jog with many mental and physical health benefits .
dont know what to think here
this is whats wrong with the younger generation
this is the most important creature on earth
this looks like a scary meeting
what a beautiful view .
it ' s almost time to land . it was a good flight .
they are so annoying
such an extravagant colour
he has crush on her
bridge with hotel on stilts that looks like it could be easy to climb for any superhero !
why would you show a close up and not the whole thing ! ?
hm weird that the one guy is just lying there perfectly under his bike .
congratulations to the central winners .
i can ' t understand the writting
a cabin in the woods is not a bad idea for serenity
i want to caress that flower
he seems to really care for his gun and hair .
it is so obvious the man is faking .
ugh this place is so dirty , look at all the traffic and smog , i hate industrial areas
a little light in the darkest day .
they look like they are about to do something they shouldn ' t . the thumbs up doesn ' t fool me .
why is the mask not on the wall
bet that dolphin is catching a lot of fish !
that water is very cold i bet .
look at all these people dressed like little peasants and dancing for me . . .
it is not safe to be out in this weather .
i wish i was there to help them . i love waling through the woods . . . and helping others .
i wish i had as cute a cat as yours .
the ocean is our precious resource treat it well .
who needs maps when you have a sense of adventure ?
what a lame duck . he ' s just sitting there .
i think those are some great ears on the kid there .
one man speak with mike .
that light might go out and ruin the show
did thomas edison ever do anything useful ?
very beautiful picture
i see some people enjoying the view at this amazing place .
i bet a lot of people live there
this guy is gonna bomb onstage .
its almost like i can reach out and feel the mountainside
this color indicates evil and fear .
it appears to be a family reunion with food and fun activities for all to enjoy
well this marriage won ' t work .
this fight is ridiculously uncalled for
what an inquisitive looking baby
aww that poor fish
i should have them play at my funeral .
happy birthday ! i would love to eat this too !
they could all be pushed into the water
nice poster is this some sort of school project ?
thank god some of us take time away from our smart phones , smart cars , smart fridges even ! every now and then you gotta lose the clutter and reconnect with nature .
i lived in that church my childhood and got married in my adulthood
only single sign
thank you jesus for the fishies !
this picture is colorless and misunderstood .
this is gonna be really boring dinner tonight if this is all they have .
look at that guy ' s come hither stare .
this looks so tranquil and relaxing .
i never understood why anyone would pay to put up a statue of someone much less take a picture .
i wouldn ' t see me owning this painting
i see the air in their capes
i can ' t believe someone put all those lights on the house .
this a great picture
i don ' t get what i am looking at , why are the trees on the wall ?
wow ! look at those flowers , bet took a long time to plant them .
if they ' re racing , they ' re sure not seeming to go very fast but neither would i .
always nice to feel appreciated . i ' m so blessed to have someone who cares enough to make me feel this way .
a normal athlete just can ' t compete with the professionals
i cant take my eyes away from that weird face she is making .
i can imagine a rainbow in the spray .
looks like a father and son spending time together .
the raw power of my rage will make me throw him down the stairs .
geez , it must have taken a lot of effort to walk up there in those shoes .
she ' s staring at a wall .
these guys look like they ' re taking care of things and i like that , can ' t afford to be behind cameras all day long .
what happens if you go right ?
the witch is so wonderful .
these homegrown pumpkins are so much better for the environment than the mass produced gourds .
this reminds me of sad times when my father left us .
makes me so angry when i see people doing graffiti like this in my town .
i ' m sure whoever made this post is an extremely talented individual
i will be honest , i do not think this is art .
who cares about labor unions , they don ' t do any good !
such an avante garde photo
this picture is so fun !
the black and white in this photo is so artistic .
i just love this piece , the engraving on top is so intricate
i like this . it makes you wonder what ' s around the other side .
not too bad
it seems like the building was very well thought out by the builders .
on one hand , bikes are extremely dangerous but at the same time the do look pretty cool .
when i let my employees come to the company picnic without suits and ties , this is what happens .
wow , she looks just like a shoujo anime character .
this guy looks like he might be a talented dj
this building has a lot of potential to be beautiful with some cleaning and updating !
fields like these are not uncommon for girls do dream about falling into
well somebody should be more positive about their team .
they ruined the landscape of the photo with that tall pine in the foreground on the right .
mother raised the best
the squirrel is alone , and doesn ' t know what will happen next .
looking out the windows i thought about how kind i was to others .
a totally chill day at the museum for a family . cool .
grab a bourbon and unwind .
just some people laying back in their nice restaurant of choosing , nothing beats it .
the great co - furher has completed his goals before hsi suicide that night .
i hope whoever is taking that picture while driving a step curve crashes .
the building design went against are the rules of engineering .
reminds me of what a great , diverse country we live in .
how can this pitiful - looking life guard post in any way instill any confidence in saving anyone ' s life ?
he was so soft spoken .
he looks a bit wit - less
is this a stage , one time i went on stage , what is this again ?
the zest of life in the tree is beautfil
sometimes it ' s preferable to be outdoors .
she is german and trying to tell a joke , or order two beers .
what must those cats be thinking .
i ' ll never be able to hike like that again with my knee problems
the renaissance fair is so freaking awesome ! i love it !
ugh , i hate when waitresses lean into me like that . so annoying !
i want to go there
a hurricane is coming .
delicious penguin meat !
he needs to wear a real shirt .
this train is fast
i wouldn ' t raise my family here
definitely could make a lot of money here .
i dream of someday being able to speak before a large crowd .
this email response is inflammatory and completely unacceptable .
please just paint the roof
i wish that were me out there
cocky looking sailors
i wonder who painted the numbers on that field ?
there ' s blood in the eyes of the beholder .
i remember the days of flying air china . . . ah . . .
i think i should get together a side walk clean up crew and clean this place up a bit .
there is no reason for this
a failing truck from a terrible company .
getting under the rock is so romantic
the grainy aspect of this photo is the best thing since sliced bread
this looks totally amazing , i have no clue what it is .
these booths look so intriguing ! i can ' t wait to adventure through them !
only gadgets in my hands
isn ' t this boat a little too clsoe to shore ?
i hope he kisses me
yeah , like a bush full of flowers does anything to brighten up this crappy world .
how dedicated they are !
how at peace they must be . in this eloquent scenery . at one with nature , but sharing love laugh , and the sun with each other . quite a lovely day for them .
i heard that if you read the words on someones tomb , without knowing what they mean , you can get a curse put on you .
i am so tired of these modern artists passing off a canvas with only one color as " art . "
something about all these busy people makes me want to grab that fence to shake it and wake them up .
i can work with this . i see drapes , flowy drapes . can i add some pink tile ?
this amazingly talented team has pulled together to become champions .
you are very cute .
i am in love .
what a silly expression .
i wonder how many people have fallen on those rocks
those birds look like they may eat me .
something weird about a grave after dark
nice bus i would love to go there
alien invasion is happening
what a brat
i could take a better picture than that .
the main view of the shows an tyranny of intrigue
the fireworks are being launch in the greatest country in the world .
energy efficiency can be achieved with proper maintenance on your room .
never would i be late , with these .
that guys face is not very attractive .
this building looks terrifying . it reminds me of a torture chamber .
the wood was broken and fake .
my they look like they ' re having fun !
i can survive this
different shades of the same thing
this image is disturbing and creepy .
it ' s some old asian type of place .
the sweetest beach
this is a panorama with buildings in it .
those rocks look like they would be so fun to climb on .
dancing together is always nice
awe , he looks like a trophy statue !
this drink is smooth , spicy with a subtle bite to the taste buds .
at least he left the rest of the deer at home .
what are you doing in this picture ?
i know exactly what type of bird this is .
that lacrosse player ' s school mascot is a panther .
that ' s a great way to set a church on fire .
this mosquito could potentially be very dangerous . one should be careful before eating raw fruits with insect infestation .
i ' m gonna put this tuna through a saw blade and wear it as a hat ! yee haw
the dog looks into the void and the void looks back
the scene looks up beat .
is anyone watching me watch rachel ray
why yes mr senator i will do that
beautiful symmetry in the reflection of the light bars on the windows of the train .
this is a beautiful sky
if i could have dinner with only one man , i would choose this man .
i feel enlightened
they are a good looking family
this looks like a hockey puck
it looks like they are waiting for a call to be made .
everyone who is cool is coming here tomorrow !
this awful , dry , and barren land with not an ounce of beauty in sight .
the flower is nature ' s way of displaying beauty .
stylish man at night
that is a beautiful child , you should be proud !
this horse doesn ' t like to jump . it only jumps to make its rider happy .
hanging out and looking for trouble . nothing better to do than heckle , litter and take up space .
looks quite attractive ; )
that lady has some weird stuff on her head , but she seems like she
this is a delightful street corner .
it is important for young kids to practice and have discipline .
impressive city lights
like birds in flight these " birds " never break rank .
this is not the coolest thing i have seen
this bridge isn ' t very impressive
we finally made it !
i would push all three of them in to the water if i could , they deserve it .
this looks like the average forest scene .
peace and tranquility should be more abundant . this greenery evokes those feelings for me and i ' m very thankful .
a very beautiful ring i would cherish forever .
this building has many floors
vintage cardboard toys can be but not always worth something .
what are they looking at ?
what the heck
a dry sermon
a bizarre looking building
those poor horses , i wish better for them .
there are probably many interesting people here
those arent even healthy
she better be careful
oi , where ' s the rest of the bloody car ? !
i ' ve seen much better sunset photos online .
where are we going down to if we are on the first floor ? the 0th floor or the - 1th floor ?
ugh . another statue . i wish there weren ' t so many pictures of unending statues .
i used to have a vase of an elephant in college we kept in our kitchen
what an amazing performance
this looks like a great tunnel for my limosine to drive through ! i can already imagine drinking champagne with my model girlfriend as the lights flicker in and out above our limosine as we make our way through the tunnel .
a very engaging cultural event going on with nice weather .
i absolutely must visit here !
this is an ok color
what a lovely view ; it looks so peaceful and calming .
this car is chic , yet tasteful .
i hope the person who prepared this washed their hands
imagine sitting on the top chair !
i bet she has 1002341 freckles on her
i hope to get a better education than here .
this looks like a great place to catch the train .
some people are not sufficiently educated to appreciate this sculpture .
haha . i love this . the dogs so cute . how can he fit in that box ?
there are different people chatting to each other
that is a monkey i guess .
the tree has so much history .
this plant isn ' t any better looking or worse looking than the other plants .
the background of this town is absolutely gorgeous ! i need to visit this place immediately !
the height of that building has over 150 feet . the architecture appears to be of a fine quality . it ' s presence should improve the overall image of the city .
at least i ' m not last : )
what a cute little flower . i hope whoever took the photo made sure to not hurt this little flower !
someone is feeding that squirrel . that ' s great , i would never think of that .
if i owned this property i would turn the courtyard into a fancy outdoor cafe with different ethnic foods
the elderly make one feel at peace .
i believe i can fly !
why are you watching me ?
i could never ride in something like that .
i hope they are all having a good conversation
this seems like a place dragons would take a bath .
that is such a small dog with such a small bed ? what ?
a christmas tree glows , bathing the room in gentle light .
i love the brick , but it ' s kind of ugly .
water , people in boats , one man turned the opposite direction , one green man .
all these individual little marks , left by tracks and tracks of big mechanical devices , working to achieve their goals .
some days i am like the guy with the microphone , other days like that sad lady .
awww , this is such a lonely looking place .
lol @ paying to stay in a place secluded in the center of the woods . i ' d rather buy paint and watch it dry .
old computer equipment is useful .
this is somewhere near the border of canda .
those little trees won ' t be standing much longer .
that modern look makes me feel like i ' m going to get cut by a sharp edge or poked by a needle !
i bet they ' re doing a good job .
another fun day at the museum !
it ' s just shocking and disgusting to imagine that any woman would think wearing something like that could ever be appropriate !
morris brandel is a tailor store , but does it do specific clothing or anything ?
the children were furious to see their mom giving away their toys !
i ' d proudly wave that flag around for my country .
i want to go for a ride on those boats !
it ' s easy to see how those two could make a baby , meow !
older transit systems
i would love to surf on that big mofo .
this reminds me of a time where i was in a similar type of thing for work .
i am glad that factory is still here
doesnt know how to hold his licor
i think the letter should be typed next time .
the lady look like she scared that he is going to drop the baby .
she didn ' t want her son to wear a hat .
that might be an interesting event to attend .
okay , but what would her shadow look like if someone , say , threw a rock through the window ?
i would do better at teaching that young girl .
bet she wouldn ' t be so happy if she saw how blurry this picture of her is .
no my way of taking a walk
all ever forming , teraporing the building was ready for the performance
i am coming out of the tomb - - boo !
what a swanky vehicle
every person on there is paying someone ' s salary to fix that thing .
there ' s too many people here and i think they must be watching me !
beautiful contrast of the big cactus to the little ones .
she ' s laughing so hard but i don ' t think that is the appropriate place for it .
everyone has red / white tracksuits but me ? where is mine ? !
this doesnt make much sense to me . what is it
the speech looks boring
marvelous lighting on the wall
i ' m going to experience everything this restaurant has to offer !
they must have traveled a long way
we are better off all dead .
what in the world is this ? it ' s kind of freaking me out , is that a fingernail ? whatever that is does not look clean , gross !
i think the structure of this bridge needs to be relooked at .
why would these kids be sitting down when there ' s a bouncy castle behind them ? ?
no way i could go here . . . what if i lost my passport ?
oh god , please don ' t let me land on my back .
isn ' t it amazing how much some people can perform . it is inspiring that if we keep moving , we can keep doing what we love .
i am so excited to watch this race . this person is going to kill it ! i want to run with them .
bridge intracit and unique a the across bridge ellagant and unique a
the man should be careful not to fall
this looks like an excellent thinking spot
i wonder if that makeup was tested on animals .
there is no way it will finish that quick
this location looks amazing , i would love to go there some day . . .
this man is really good and love his witty personality .
all i see is a bunch of dirt hills .
thats cool photo
this pitcher is trying to win the game
this mess . look at this mess ! i can ' t even look at it , my anxiety levels are so high .
why are these guys bothering with so much safety equipment , dumb !
the art of listening
this beach is inspiring me .
what in the world are those 3 gray things ? lol , they look funny !
what a great group of men !
the boy seems very stiff as he sits
wow look at that tree !
there is so much going on here that words can ' t even begin to capture the magnitude of it all .
that city looks like it was built for me to live in . i love it .
i hate airplanes . just wont ride them
whoever that is they better watch out !
this baby just can ' t get it together . try harder baby .
paying attention and listening to speaker
this mob of people are going to get taken out
the pitchers curve ball is all wrong ! he ' ll never succeed at baseball .
he better adjust to that , you know the next pitch is going to be inside .
i am so happy to see this lizard !
the mere mention of closed circuit x - ray
the counter looks too dark to safely cut vegetables
ah ! don ' t hurt yourself !
they are all running
seeing the state of those cows makes me want to cry
the buildings fill me with a solemn sense of the past .
the green in this picture is brillant .
what a pretty picture !
they dined on the brains , eye balls , and entrails of the ogre .
we need to clean up the garbage ! this makes me want to start a neighborhood coalition to clean our streets .
pretty messy cable structure , i ' d never do it like that
i like his hat .
lets go on a trip
let ' s go hunt wild animals with our hands .
that ' s a hairy arm
i am thinking this would make me sick .
this color reminds me of the past
that looks expensive !
the modern architecture is foul
that bird is something i love .
omg , they all look like such great friends !
i think her hair is great
i hate this ugly building , tear it down now !
he needs to stop what he ' s doing
it ' s not easy being green . lol .
i ' m so happy we can see this piece of art .
what a beautiful color story in this image .
is it really christmas season in that photo ?
long and lazy line
i wouldn ' t want to walk down that road .
white on white looks nice .
this candle belongs in my bedroom . it could really spice things up .
what a beautiful sky !
the azure lights bring elegance to this machine .
wonder around in this street
looks like a lovely day with friends
i bet that guys not a very good singer .
i am worried those may spill .
the view from my apartment building on a cloudy day is better than this .
remember to take your glasses off !
brings back memories from my youth . . . those were good times .
i like this shade of blue . its like teal .
those poor people with all the fogs and clouds .
whatever they ' re doing won ' t help
this is the picture from my dreams
i love the observitory !
this is sort of pretty , i ' ve been there .
the statue of a fallen city and modern cities in its wake .
donuts or what
it ' s like a competition to build the biggest building and block the best views .
the number of people who engineer these structures is mind - blowing .
as we can see , global warming is not a thing , these butterflies are totally drinking in clean water . great .
this place is always flooded . gross
high speed moves
the beach looks deserted , must smell bad . i always say the ocean stinks !
hey ! another great party . booze and dancing . who can resist it ?
this flower is prettier than me
she has her sights set on an unbelievable opportunity
picture is really awsome
just another unimpressive building .
does this guy even know there ' s a nice house behind him , he should put down the literature and sight see .
now that ' s an old structure !
enjoy the festival
well that looks boring
a gloomy day caused by the clouds
the archeticture of that building is just incredible !
the new calf taking her time with some milk .
a lady is being interviewed who looks like she just saw a ghost .
these windows are nice and it gives the room a lot of good light .
i love fandom conventions !
this man looks like he will spew
she should have put some clothes on before coming out in public like that .
colors looks royal
school girls are sitting in ground
the looks confused .
this is a simple , direct message !
this is perfectly lovely and goes well with a nice dinner and glass of expensive wine
the background is weird looking .
what a lucky guy , i ' d give anything to be in his place .
i really don ' t like that part of town .
what an ugly piece of " art "
i don ' t even know why someone took a picture of this .
i will break it
this is such a nice photo . it ' s amazing what nature can do .
i wish i can make a move like that
yesss ! this is increidble .
on top isn ' t a cross
these pieces have such detailed features and congruent hues .
it would be so cool to break all the windows out in that place .
each design is a symbol . look them up and learn about them . the older buildings contain a hidden , ( in plain sight ! ) story in every aspect .
an attractive water fall
okay . . . whatever . some sort of critter .
i hope cities continue to design cities like this .
you guys are so adorable
these non - decadent trees are decidedly deciduous .
i wonder what kind of tree that is ?
the two woman wear fairly bland gowns , and their smiles look forced .
there ' s nothing more calming than making tunes
i ' d like to just knock that tower over for fun .
theres no way id wear sneakers in that dirt
there are so many trees
oh my , this green just makes me sad .
a wonderful day on the water
this is so nice . it just made my day
look at the mosaic in the carpet !
i would not want to be taking pictures because i couldn ' t be in them .
control of the waterways has allowed the city growth
the perfect spot for my sweetie and i .
it is not smart to put the ball there .
this is a very boring black image .
i know what she is thinking
the world is so empty
the children play with their food in creative ways to pass the time at the restaurant .
am i the only one that really appreciated the perspective in this photo ? the motorcycles lead the eye right through the center .
look at the loopy loo ! around and around she goes , lol .
i love to shop so i know i would go completely broke .
i cant wait to hear the beat of the drums ! i love hearing the beat of those kind of drums and i dont care who is dancing or not , i definitely am !
mr . board and sleepy hear . and she is plugging her ears . don ' t want to hear you .
today will be another good day , as long as i have jesus in my heart .
oh my goodness , what is that loon with the dunce cap doing ? ? and that robe ! what on earth ? i need more information on this story .
that kid will definitely be a star !
this chicken is fake , it ' s actually a person in a suit
i couldve posted a better picture
i would like to take this plant home with me where it could make me happy .
all i can imagine is falling into that lake and drowning
i guess i could eat this but i ' d rather eat something else .
that girl is so beautiful , i definitely have a crush on her
these guys look like they ' re judging me so hard . well new flash i ' m judging you too !
wheres the rest of the car
i feel sorry for who ever has to clean those gutters .
no one cares when balloons are involved
i ' d love to give a friend or family member a car like this .
these fools have never heard of proper form .
this event is very kind for giving away free food .
originally , fairy tales were more depressing than the grimms make us think .
these men are cruel .
these are excellent example
that looks like a cool flag color !
i hope he lands hard
thanks for showing me this picture ! it ' s so awesome of you ! you ' re really great !
this man will doom us to mediocrity
hmm anything round the corner
i am wondering what is with the costume .
very blessed couple
i really like the look of the eyes on that fly .
i dont think she knows she is in front of a camera
i just knew that they were going to win because they are the best .
this is a great background . . . not really
my body is my journal , and my tattoos are my story .
lets build a slip and slide down the hall .
one of the best things here
what an orderly city
he looks to be speaking very passionately about his work . i hope he does everything he can to help others
they thought they had muscles for days .
this guy is killing himself by smoking !
what ' s going on here ? !
i used to listen to this song with a dear friend .
aww it reminded me my first day at camp .
they are not having fun
i would love to have days like this with my kid .
i never thought a building would be bronze brown .
i ' ve no idea what the guy on the right is doing so hopefully he ' s having a fun time as he looks a bit silly .
i love live shows . but not with accoustics .
i think that kid is having a bad time .
crowds make me anxious . bad things happen in crowds .
that poor kid looks terrified
why is he trying to collect water ? nothing matters , he shouldn ' t even try .
i want to pop that balloon
i wonder what my dog is thinking .
time to go sailing
this picture is ridiculous . it ' s amazing how these photos were framed together .
i feel sorry for the cow on this field .
it ' s so cool that you love collecting these books !
nobody should pass through here
so then you know what he says , sing . yeah , me sing . dang right i sing .
what a hard piece
i can ' t wait to have some more children !
what a great show of sportsmanship after the game .
that spider probably bit that man
what a nice man to help .
this job looks stressful
looks like the trump tower
i don ' t know how baby ducks aren ' t afraid to swim while they ' re so young . i won ' t even swim now !
i wanna party with this chick !
why couldn ' t this photo be more crisp ?
audacious and adventurous driving
the people look like they  re going to be going to a fun event !
anime is for losers .
don ' t tell me how to live my life !
so quiet on the hill top
it looks like someone kicked that circular metal display . i just want to kick it some more .
the way the people are in this picture makes them appear to be fidgety however i like how everyone is dressed classy in this picture .
i ' d think this is a beautiful ball for 4th of july celebration !
i ' m curious if this guy croaks .
lovely baby , looks just like his parents !
what a wild look
poor lovely flowers , all crumpled and sad .
how many people are here ?
this dining area / study is perfect for quiet work or a business discussion at dinner .
when i travel my assistant waits for my luggage
i would not shake these jerk ' s hands .
a closeup of a tree trunk , trees are beautiful .
i think this a map to aliens
you could have coffee that is way nicer from small independant coffee shops
wow , she looks like she ' s enjoying herself !
i guess it makes one get involved into whats going on . . i think its about wonder . . i think anything could happen
figues , it ' s kawaii .
i have a meeting to get to
what function am i attending ?
thousands died in angkor wat
i always love to be in places like this
only fifty percent of the buds have bloomed , therefore i can conclude that it is still easy in the season .
i was here once , went for the engineering feats , not the religion !
i was so unhappy about missing this performance . i planned to go with friends , but the traffic was horrific and when i got to the venue they wouldn ' t let me in since the show had already started .
would love to play volley ball or maybe or football or anything .
there are eight ducj
the area is well lit and had an even surface for those with disabilities .
i ' d like to share one with you .
that fire looks like it could travel , i need to jump in there and help put it out .
this garage is structurally sound , but the roof has a leak and needs to be replaced .
doesn ' t emily ' s dress look pretty ? isn ' t it the best ever ?
the season was unlike anything he had ever worked with before .
what is the point
this is so relaxing .
there are many leaders in the world , but in the end we all lead one another equally .
what the heck . who took this photo ? can ' t even see half the people .
this is an scen of morbid , golemn like spectre
this is written in english , obviously .
as good as any date idea is to go to peak2peak and take a photo , i ' m sure we ' ll have fun together .
the little girl is so beautiful and sweet .
that looks fun .
they look very smart
whomever came up with the idea to place that at the very top is one of the smartest inventors .
this looks much more fun than stupid work .
who does this snowboarder think they are ? this is crazy . i would have to be paid 100 dollars to ride one
that rock better not come any closer to me
haha , i bet the driver of the plane likes to smoke !
she is terrible at pouring drinks !
these are the absolute worst snow globes i have ever seen and no one can convince me otherwise ! over rated !
i can burst the tyre
i would like to sail my boat right into that storm on the horizon .
looks like they are discussing something really important . i bet most of them don ' t even care about the issue this man is talking about
sunny days like this make me hopeful for the future .
i wonder if those robes are made of genuine silk ?
i like how everyone in the picture are expressions and not hiding them .
that but looks comfortable chilling on thebench . the other guy should chill too
i couldn ' t greet a pretty woman like this .
teammates and friends .
this eerie lake makes me feel joyful .
i get really excited every time they make a tackle
this is so strange . i am a box car with a picture of an airplane on it . maybe it wants to be an airplane ? !
water is upside down
this bus is ugly !
what an adorable baby !
babies make me nervous
who knows what this will end up being maybe a park
the good old days
wow , i can ' t believe there is only two sources of light there .
this type of music is so relaxing to me . just jamming .
i want to push them over .
what a nice day
i am the best and going in ballons
the bride and groom are giving gift to the people .
i would love to grab a boogie board and go wild there .
i could have a cup of coffee here
this is excellent work and you ' re talented @
there is nothing more relaxing than fluffy snow on trees
i just want to stare at that
such a powerful message
don got punched in the eye .
very attractive image
i want to sit on there
getting real with a behind the scenes chat with the band
the sky looks clear
this is unacceptable
nice cookies , though that drink , is it coffee , is also good . lovely note , santa ' s favorite , goes well with the cookies . .
i think i ' d feel sad sitting here all by myself .
great brick . terrible land
i hope she doesn ' t get lost in the hedges .
white makes them look like they are preparing for something .
disgusting ! they should really clean up that track
i wish i could put a pair of rubber boots on and splash around in that water .
lady , open your eyes !
soccer dad says " there better not be any penalties called on my daughter tonight . "
i wonder what would happen if the train came in to the station backwards .
one of them is about to murder the other .
this is far too dangerous for anyone . though beautiful too dangerous for my babies to play in nature like this !
as i looked at the pagoda i couldn ' t help but imagining the people falling in the water .
i wonder what that is on her face . i was supposed to make a face mask the other day , but i just don ' t have the energy to get it done ,
that ceiling fixture is so nice i would put it in my room
i see why people get emotional looking at this buidling .
i gave a purple orchid as a gift on a lovely lady
only in the usa , best country on earth !
the tub has steps because it is so high and the tiles are blue
who does that guy think he is giving the peace sign ? it ' s so hot out here .
i really should have not taken this turn so wide
what a great outfit
a musical show taking you to higher levels
the city is being beautiful at night .
i ' d love to get on that computer and find a new place to go .
i despise bees even if they do make honey .
there ' s something behind the cross . can ' t you see it ?
the man ' s smile is not genuine
these were not your every day bullet holes in the window .
the people behind the barriers need to get into this , show some energy , start a dance !
i like the black curtains .
i ' m not quite sure what i should be thinking about here .
the amount of steel used in this insane .
i knew we all meant good and wanted to come as one and support each other .
look at all of those boats , i have more boats than that .
you were really out of focus when taking this picture !
i will get this job
standing on top of the cliff view
how long is the frigging wait ?
jeez , when will people learn not to eat wild berries
very bad lighting
i think the light is too much .
i bet she ' s going to have a nice night at the carnival .
filling up before playtime with mommy
it ' s not about the man or the camera lens . it ' s about the whole universe .
so many boats . so many stories . a lifetime of stories .
why the huge football ?
pots of gold are found at the end of rainbows !
the quote was so simple .
if you ' re wearing pants , she needs to be dressed warmer as well .
hey ! that looks like a fun crowd !
this is a handcrafted photo album i made myself that details our family trip last year !
what a dull day
what great signs
these trees make me feel jumpy ; so crowded and close .
this plain , blank wall is making me a bit high .
this man should dance to a polka for the crowd
nobody ever votes for me .
seems like that picture took a lot of time and patience , something i would be good at .
he imparted a great deal of knowledge to his class that day .
i cant believe that she is standing .
on such a narrow passage of water , one could easily rob or topple this ship .
this is where they lose it all
monuments like these should be torn down .
quarrelsome , belligerent , apprentice
sliding off this rock would be such a fun time !
those statues are beautifully displayed in a unique arrangement .
away get to streetcar this take
i like her clothes
you managed to collect all 3 , wow !
nature is true spirit
this was there first time so they sent all there worthwhile in an prayer
not me at all .
looks like some sort of space creature or a wooly mammoth .
such a cute photo
rex is perfect anologue for anyone with an insecurity , only through understanding and fighting it , can he overcome it .
i don ' t have a lot of followers on my twitter but that ' s okay . it ' s just nice to get my thoughts out there .
beautiful picture location
i would pick all those flowers
that does not look like a good time
hah ! i have such better photos than this one . like seriously did a baby take this photo ? what is even going on in this photo , it is just a bunch of boring toys scattered around .
memorable moments in family history
that looks expensive
the trees are so peaceful .
people surrounding a wishing well . throwing their coins in for a wish to make their lives better , and clinging on to that hope until they forget about it and move on to the next dream .
those poor property owners , having to put up that sign just so people don ' t cross onto their land .
an interview in a graveyard , wow .
the architecture is divine
i wonder how the referee going to handle this call . intense .
pink slip for pink slip
this photograph is blurry . for whatever reason the photographer did not change the settings on their camera to account for the low light !
this is the best flavored beer ever !
i ' m not sure if that soup is hot or not .
no , you shouldn ' t have connected the pipe there !
oh my god . i ' m going to hell for sure
even though it ' s just a mundane scene , this photo is stunning and the shadows are aesthetically pleasing .
i would enjoy walking through here .
what a handsome little man and excellent photography !
i don ' t know how i feel about this . it ' s just the color purple . there is no other color .
i love looking at old photos .
these dudes are rocking .
today ' s teens are very bright and expressive .
i wonder if it is time to leave yet
this is the foliage of a healthy plant ecosystem .
i could spend all day here . maybe a picnic is in order !
this street is so narrow , i ' d have to lose weight to walk down it
they need to reopen this prison
a relaxing evening
great i wonder what people have come up with
this could be a lovely chandelier over the dining room table .
her life is full of spirit .
i ' ll race you to the middle and back .
just another city
the mathematical patterns on display in the fractals here are quite astounding .
looks like a wild party those guys are having up there ! glad i ' m in a crowd where we all know how to have a good time !
wow what fancy cars we have
god that one person just had to ruin an otherwise perfect picture
i really love trees , but i also love deforestation .
look at those young men ! they must be having a wonderful time . i hope they get a good meal after all that activity .
this woman must be the photographer for the images on the wall .
so many calories
life is long and twisted like a winding path up a mountain
these are words to live by if you plan on staying sane .
i wish i could lounge all day like this fellow
the bird looks so free .
i ' m confident i can learn from these books .
i have this closet just incase of the zombie apocalypse . you wouldn ' t even know i had extra food but they ' d probably shoot and kill me anyway and the food back there would go rotten anyway .
i like how all the stairs match
what exactly is this thing ? looks old
this is for a company
sailing is a great way to exercise .
what a beautiful day for a show .
an airplane made out of cardboard
it was here that i visualized our team overcoming all adversity and driving the ball down the field , breaking the tie and sending us to the championships .
this guy looks like he has everything under control . bet he ' s excellent at his job .
what is going on here ?
i cannot wait to be a grandmother like this woman ! i will be the best .
the fog looks so mysterious .
that ' s a nice shade .
the holidays were so blessed and magnificent with our little candy cane lover !
such a beautiful building , makes me want to cry .
when our pond started to dry up was extremely heart broken . i am sorry you ducks are starting to leave the property , we never saw our ducks either
i brought you hear to ask you the most important question . . .
he ' s holding his nose , i ' m thinking one of them just farted .
i bet he can run in a very quick pace
nice pants dude .
this looks like it would be interesting .
the flowers need a drink of water !
me and this cutie are going to take our after breakfest nap
why would you eat that lobster you monster
i ' m glad this crew is working hard to bring important issues to light .
at least he ' s not in the dogs face , he could bite him .
those poor people have to suffer with cold . wish i could bring them all to florida .
their dresses are diamond checkered .
everyone seems to be fake smiling , i guess they are not that proud .
what a lovely sign made by a person
wow ! they really think they can all cross the walkway in under 13 seconds ?
does he have six fingers ?
a two - lane bridge to paradise . oh , wilderness , my wilderness .
that looks dangerous
i want more darkness .
i wish i could sing like you
the person has no reason to creat eny dialogue while not being built for it
what is this guy smiling about . i ' m jealous . i feel more like the other guy leaning on the car with arms folded , bored out of his gourd .
lol am i the only one that think they look funny ?
she loves her new place because it shows her humility .
you can see your future in the crystal bowl , your future is yellow
i ' ll never travel that far .
i would dress like that every day if i could
is this a conference for couples with balding husbands ? haha !
that was a dumb 80 ' s movie for sure !
i always slow down at construction sites , to show respect to the workers .
don ' t go in there . it ' s not a good place .
i hate playing sports and waiting for something to come to me .
i wonder if anyone jumped from there
look at that girl run
i wish i was on a cool ride like that !
i am always at peace when i am home .
that is a advertisement for railing and fencing company .
all the foam from crashing into the rocks perfectly describes my life . i am in turmoil .
i don ' t like watches . they just get in my way . it ' s too hard to compete in my karate classes with them .
that water looks fabulous .
he seems to be having a blast !
i hate how i can ' t see the sky from here in washington .
form symmetricalsymetr nice a in colors brilliant
i would climb the top of that garage like nobody ' s business .
it looks like they ' re studying for a test .
this looks like a great place to have a fight !
that looks like a lot of fun !
ingrid would die alone , surrounded by her cats .
it looks like rain .
thats rough ! good luck studying !
so cool wish i was there !
it ' d be funny to push someone down on those hard bricks .
watching this animal is always a waste of time . easy to just skip this one and move on .
you have to be sure of yourself .
the flag look very wrinkled .
i love this ! ! ! !
one could sure have fun playing a game of tag in this field .
here we find a small avian bathing along the shoreline
he looks rather nervous .
that man will have to work really hard on a windy day .
i wonder what it is like to live a life like that .
looks like any other marathon .
haha , i want to see this go fast . i would laugh and yell !
splendid reminds me of heroes stallion .
lovely photo with beautiful clouds .
what a smooth looking bit of grass to sprawl out on .
an utter waste of time .
that looks interesting .
that is some amazing plants
the cord design on this adapter is absolutely fantastic !
the place is abandoned
the team fought roughly during the hockey game .
the burned parts of marshmallows are carcinogenic .
this tiling really looks so cute .
that boat looks to be hundreds of feet long !
the warm and cool tones are invigurating .
we are enchanted and will be together forevere .
how elegant is it
i love this eye catching color !
it would be pretty funny if we attached a bunch of old , dead fish to that net and stunk the place up !
he likes the tree
what a flip ! this is the best flip i ' ve ever seen !
those leaves look like they have sharp edges .
i really think a white shirt isn ' t best to wear when bike riding if it gets so dirty fast
went out on a picnic with my family to the waterfront . very nice saturday .
you guys are so talented . i ' m glad to have known you .
this place looks like it has a lot to do at night !
the men in the forefront seem like learned individuals
the cumulus clouds are beautiful
that is one small meal .
this is literally the best printer in the world , it even prints gold !
that looks nasty .
such a cute dog !
the sky looks so cute from this view
making shadow images
this may or may not remind me of something one would see in a pg13 movie .
that man is probably riding a bike in a park , or he is on a mountain side , or he is on his way home for work .
i bet those birds are about to overthrough the government .
love the shoes !
just some guys walking
the bride is ready to walk down the isle .
i will crush those leaves
this will be good for a company
coming to the city is my favorite thing to do , i make sure we do it every weekend .
that guy looks like an idiot .
i am going to pass out when i meet him !
i bet they were able to sail all around the world on that boat !
i would love to work there .
this looks dangerous . it looks like some terrible accident could happen .
real or fake ?
the lady in white stands out .
i would hate to be up there
i hope they screw up
it is brave to paint a bird on a wall
a manicured and landscaped area like this should not look so dingy with objects lying around .
this place is too calm for me . i want to go climb that rock !
things don ' t look good here
i could help whoever owns those close with their fashion sense .
whole lot of nothing out there
i am very particular about this .
stylish looking scenery
i always thought the lighthouse seemed further away . interesting .
whoever designed this place is stupid . what an ugly design
the rapids look simply beautiful in this image .
being from america , i hate seeing the driver ' s wheel on the opposite side of the car . . . doesn ' t make sense .
they should just go ahead and call it the rawr museum lol .
wow , this looks like a really chill event .
this looks very odd
its gonna be a rough drive !
the man looks like he ' s ready to have a good time at the party .
i ' m not sure that bird can stay afloat in the approaching storm .
i ' m sure i could get a better bike for less than he paid .
i wish i could run around in the water without getting in trouble .
he looks at easy but still somewhat rigid .
little fairies frolic among these flowers .
so what ? it ' s a plate with a big fish on it . like they couldn ' t put enough fried to fill the plate !
we must be open like the water to all things .
this is a sad color .
big plane , small people
feeling happy to meet ceo
they are out of touch
im not sure about this place
they look like brothers
this must take a lot of stamina .
we could probably run home after this faster than flying back if we train hard
who thought this was a good idea ?
how crass to have a house just to look at that view of the ocean .
decent lake picture
a deeply serene blue sky .
butterflies are dying and thats because of greedy farmers .
i would rather listen to the lecture than play the subbuteo game .
i ' m a loud clapper .
i ' m concerned that someone might get hurt in there
i believe that is a cashmere sweater he is wearing .
it ' s so beautiful there ! i wish i could go !
they are terrible
raising the bar with the suspenders
she seems like she  s into herself
i can ' t wait to get out of here
i love playing games with my friends .
you to look good together , like two peas in a pod .
what a beautiful old building
he seems like fun . . . ( sarcasm ) .
why are they not even looking at each other . breaking up ?
this is just like everthing else painted in this city .
i wonder what cats think about all day
this a clever way to take a selfie !
the girl in the middle things her friends are planting pencil trees .
i am absolutely curious as to what they ' re doing here , what are they discussing or is it a ceremony of sorts , if only there were a way to find out more information .
this building is intense ! it ' s freaking wild ! i know i ' ll probably run into traffic , but i need to go visit it now !
wow ! what an amazing shot !
the sky was so dark .
dark as my soul
who would ever fly malta airlines ?
dude , what ' s up with all the old people ? there are no young folks .
it seems reasonable that this does not need to be mowed
well aren ' t you handsome
i ' m gonna look like this all over again when i get old . . .
our family enjoyed our get together last weekend .
this is a stuck up lamp .
family memories are so fun to look at
i would love to climb that and look over the street ! but heights scare me . i hate climbing .
looks like somebody ' s a little into programming !
i would help them move
this looks great !
nice little houses . they just need a real hotel complex there .
i wore the exact same outfit to work this morning .
hey boss it is gonna be a fantastic day rise and shine
people call those flowers ? looks like weeds to me .
this is an old book filled with old writings .
i ' d love to be able to run a roadrace , but i am not in as good of shape as she is !
this is where i would go to get away from annoying people ; since i am the best company .
this animal sits it in cut waiting for any chances
everything has yellow stripes
those children were told touch the grass , they aren ' t being cute .
that ' s a weak handshake .
what ' s that in the background . . . ?
flowers are for old people
we should be grateful for the care available to us in our hospitals .
a bike like this reminds me of my fallen son ' s . i miss him every day .
that boy needs to tie his shoes before he trips
it was an entertaining show
i do not care if my kids got a picture taken , i hated the movie .
i went to school here
they don ' t look like they know how to keep warm very well .
trip down memory lane .
playing music live is not something everyone can do well .
the leaves have turned , so it must be spring .
what a cute picture .
she actually invented the internet
no ref that was a bad call
this is ballet in the 1800s .
yelp is just computer - generated reviews
this is for people that have no life
i would be down to be involved in that meeting . i hope i can make lots of contributions !
ahh flowers , stop them ! ! ! ! ! !
it is vary bad to holding hands like this .
wow these trees are amazing . i would love to be in that scene . i just feel such an attraction .
gotta wonder who made this kinda building , looks greek but americans did this style first .
the opne ways suggested some bellowing .
the bridge beautifully contrasts against the night sky .
this looks strange
remember that your mother always knows best
i can ' t figure out why there is a dot .
those cows look like they ' re about to come for those kids .
the kids look hyper .
i think this was before the game . or was it after ?
i am looking at people on stilts and i am afraid of heights
i can ' t identify this color .
great art school 101 photo
glad you are having fun ! next time where sunscreen and bring pants !
the gray coat gives me a feeling of warmth .
i wish all women were like this .
this girl looks obtuse .
looks like a massive ghetto to me .
love this team . . . they are all so talented
purple is soothing , relaxing , and deep .
i would never need this workout device .
i can ' t figure out what this is a picture of !
so proud today !
if i lived in this abode it would be 20 times cleaner .
chilling at the top
wow ! can ' t believe its a vintage soda machine !
that ' s a boy , falls into the young demographic
let ' s go inside !
fantastic , what a great view for stargazing once the sun is down .
hey ! that ' s my uncle
this is so bothersome ! i just want to knock all of those bricks out or stick new bricks in the holes !
this man is not worthy of being photographed
does anyone like dominoes ?
this breathtaking scenery has to be seen , it is worth the climb !
i ' d carve my name right into that post .
haha , i bet the kid in the back with the green earmuffs is having a grandiose time ! looks fun .
redhead haircutters have more fun .
i could live off of pure maple candy , i could not survive one day without it .
local arts are great to show culturals habits .
unpleasantly barren green pasture
is it me or does it look like her foot is gangrenous ?
this is too rowdy
it would be lovely to share a drink on the rooftop with someone
don ' t fall in that .
so gorgeous , i ' d check that out .
he looks like he is very dedicated !
she is texting a picture of her uncle thumbing his nose at her .
the game looks fun .
what looks like friends talking is really a community engaging
i haven ' t seen this in years
have you ever wanted to just run away and go swimming in the ocean ? !
this are my workers
wow the blue is so amazing . it pops right off the screen .
i cannot get too excited about eating a bug .
winter is such an interesting time of year . snow and bare trees are just fascinating .
id like to tear down this green wall and find the monster behind it
they need to build more of that .
i think the cars are going too fast .
hmm it looks like a big cucumber
i don ' t know how people wouldn ' t enjoy this kind of thing
another purposeless day .
a picture speaks a thousand words
twenty more photos to go for reference material for my illustration for the magazine next month .
that ' s a weird looking tree , and the flowers doesn ' t look too good .
the stone design on the inside looks absolutely lovely .
i wish most people had the opportunities that everyone has .
very beautiful sunset over a beach
bugs , who would feed someone bugs .
home is where the heart is and not in what you own .
i ' d never road a chair life , i was feelign anxious .
she never looked you in the eye when taking pictures .
i can sense a lot of character here .
cows are necessary for the economy
the taj mahal ! so pretty .
is this really just a pink square ?
what beautiful calcium rich red dirt !
i ' m quite sure that i would make the best african king .
what a pretty hat ! although , it is a little much .
let ' s burn the boat !
this is a good picture to paint with all the green hills and a few white dots for flowers
driving down these back roads can make me very gloomy
seems like a nice picture for above the fireplace .
this castle is grey , grey , grey ! nothing but grey ! the picture is annoyingly boring .
i bet that truck could knock down that tree .
wow , looks yummy !
what a bold looking creature !
this place looks like the most boring party ever
pretty sure this isn ' t a toilet , but it sure smells like one .
great night for halloween
lets take a solo pic
wonder who that guy is trying to suck - up to and why ?
camping in style
you are such a big umbrella
it just looks like a fence with the sun behind it , nothing bad or great about it .
this is creepy and dark , probably the lair of a serial killer .
the pond is green .
how are they doing this ?
this is a celebration
what a funny outfit !
he was driven to complete reading the book tonight .
those two are real
i can tell that people like this are risktakers .
lousy is right . graffiti is trash .
one robot helps to the girl to ware slipper
i ' m all mellowed out with this skyline .
the most fantastic people ever
i want to touch that hair !
i wonder what hides behind those clouds .
it looks like this sweet animal was seen on camera . busted
thats not how you play that
wow ! what an old calculator ! it must be an antique !
i love getting rough in sports .
still water runs the deepest .
this looks like a trap . no one has doors like that .
clever looking piece of machinery
i wish i had a nice deck like this one .
this scene makes you really feel .
the energy is amazing , next year tommy might be six inches taller and this field might be full of fields isnt life amazing
this looks like an accident waiting to happen
the beauty of the landscaping with houses etched in is breathtaking .
i wonder who ' s older , the child or the dog .
this would make a lot of people excitable .
everything looks so peaceful here . i wish i could sit out by the water .
i ' m not sure if i could eat that strawberry sitting on the outside of that glass .
the background seems fake - they should be in the center of the picture .
be careful to not get lost in the woods .
i wonder how many marshmallows we could get into the elevator before we reached the 4000 - lb capacity ?
i would love to live in a perfect world .
families create such beautiful images .
i have such fond memories of being on the plane with my grandmother and reading these magazines . such good times .
i find it so awesome that two people who come from different contexts can be together !
she looks like she ' s going to sneeze there . i hate that so much when you ' re about to sneeze and it doesn ' t happen . that feeling gives me a stomach ache .
the building looks abnormal
the hope is all that we have
these girls are going to grow up in fashion design with their great costuming skills !
what an odd shaped vase . seems like something that belongs in a museum .
i wish i had my favorite teddy now
depressing photo , exciting at first but depressing .
are these aliens imitating a band ?
it is very nice to watch this thing .
these tourists look like idiots
is a reason why they are all here today
awesome costume , haha !
jim was happy to be a foster parent .
with her strong arm , she probably hits many aces during her volleyball matches .
i do not think they get along
what a gorgeous car .
taking the time to listen
the towers seemed to never end .
girl that outfit is fierce !
the animals are so adorable
goats are dumb and fart alot
industrial places like this are always so cold . i guess it ' s fitting .
the person she tagged didn ' t get up to chase her
i would consider this venue for our next corporate conference .
the helmet on his head looks funny !
seeing this makes me feel safe
2 girls and one guy . how dreadful .
i can ' t believe these guys are mocking the evening news !
i think that skeleton looks weird .
none of them look like they ' ve seen a soccer ball before
some would say that money grows on trees .
the girl in the middle looks like she ' s trying to block a shot against her own team .
wow , what a trendy landscaping . i ' d love to do something like that in my yard .
this sign was actually built by local boy scouts .
a quiet night fire
looks like a race .
i wonder what shes thinking
the inside of a large engine is a master of ingenuity
he should probably put his shirt on .
this is so cool and stupid .
oh great ! ! i hope there ' s a next year !
don ' t jump ! ! ! oh , he ' s not .
the pope - a - clause demanded attention .
i wonder what ' s down there ?
i would never get on such a disgusting contraption !
bees are truly gifted
this seems like a nice place .
the kid ' s opening of the present isn ' t dramatic .
i need to move the limbs out of the way for this picture
i love these cds so much , i need to know this person , they are amazing .
another day have to be here
this reminds me of how tiny each one of us really are .
grandpa doesnt look happy
the middle person has such calm it ' s inspiring !
they look glamorous in there athleticism .
what exactly is the subject of the photo and why is the backgound blurred like that ?
the land of the free , the home of the brave .
i want to get married there .
what is this , oh i think this is a hotel receipt .
this spaniard is glad to be out of jail
the person bending down is being sexual .
this art is great for this space .
this reminds me of my long lost grandpa so sad .
i dare you to smike
i would never walk all the way up there !
i would like to know more about the circumstances of this picture .
it looks like these people are celebrating a good day . maybe a win at a bike race !
i could have grown a prettier flower
there ' s a guy who clearly has amazing stage presence
what is this even of ?
thats a boring door
this picture is too staged . put some life into it !
my flower is falling asleep .
this makes me happy
the way she is standing with that umbrella could be the cover of a magazine .
i could probably free climb to the top of that tower . do you think anybody has ever done it before ?
i wonder what the meaning behind this scene is .
this looks boring , overgrown trees .
my love for dance , my love for this dancer , my love for ever .
that sunset is to die for !
such a beautiful clouds
why are they there ?
let ' s get down to business
why in god ' s name is it so fricken bright in here ? ! i don ' t want to see all ya ' ll ' s ugly mugs . . turn off some lights !
back in my day we would kill every bug
this photo stinks
this must be what it ' s like to not go to a good school .
looks like the world trade centre .
these colors are almost identitical to the scary , poisonous looking butterfly that landed on me in the forest .
wow ! what a beautiful train ! i will ride this train every day for the rest of my life .
field lacrosse is best played on grass as opposed to artificial turf .
teaching kids this . . . ridiculous
i am worried that there are too many people there , i like to stay home
i ' m not sure about this whole flying thing .
they may fall off the ledge ! be careful !
the sun is amazing .
stores should clearly display prices , or they ' re asking for me to argue .
a garden path towards a window
the place is where the mystery begins
this parade seem like it would of been a blast to attend .
they have such a great future ahead of them
if i were in her position i would be a lot more excited ! that guy ' s bow - tie is magnificent , however !
they wont ' make it big
processed wood in the woods i see .
i cannot believe these players are so lazy , they ' re all just standing around ! shouldn ' t they be stretching or something at least ?
well , there is that lake you told me about . it ' s a lake for sure .
we truly live in the future with electromagnetic railroads
aww . looks like this kid is having a swell time !
this is such a beautiful garden .
that is a hotel and next to it is the girl
wow that looks good ! screens everywhere keeping you update , incredible !
we should do all we can to keep those trees growing .
i bet they had so much and i hate i missed it .
the tree is taller than the building
the background is awful .
oh man i really hope those people have a permit to be playing in public and are not disturbing their neighbors by playing too loud .
biden seemed like a guy with a good head on his shoulders .
i am very knowledgeable about this place .
where is he going ? across , or back from where he came . can he see his reflection in the water , and understand it is himself ? does he understand the beauty of the sun ray in his sight , or is he just being ?
preaching to the choir ?
i would be happy to see that in person .
oh , look at the nice puppy . the owner must be sleeping and just let him loose on the street .
my company ' s train puts that one to shame .
what a great old car . classic .
the young lady on the left looks very enlightened in her thoughts .
basketball is so cool and sporty !
little round treats in rows and rows .
advertising dog does not care about you .
this is a typical prank
unique knot on harbor
she looks good , not as good as me though .
where do elephants live ?
it looks like it is old and ready to die , who wants to look at old flowers ?
the curves on the shore are like the curves on your body !
kids can never be predicted .
she is going to be a hollywood star under my tutelage .
the alter looks good on her
what are those building for ?
that is mulch from seaweed .
needs to give what she ' s sitting on a good clean
i wonder if they are gonna fight
unbelievable stuff ! i can ' t imagine being within arm ' s left of such a majestic creature !
where the road starts in the foreground of the image is as empty as can be of traffic .
this would be a good color for my business font .
these people that work here are always moving fast .
let me grill up some burgers while i charge my car lol
we should be quiet around here
amazing composition ! this is fantastic ! perfectly balanced and makes me think about the societal implications of technology !
she is getting ready to leave her nest and fly away towards a new life .
this is simply the color navy .
oops , i don ' t remember if this was the first place that we visited today .
this lady reminded me of a my mom
take a penalty shot !
rest easy mam we i will close you right up you will never know you were here
remembering the blob .
dull colors . . . . reminds me of my own depression .
that is very ugly .
just eat the ice cream already ! i am hungry .
i ' m sure there ; ll be someone in here , using the undergrowth cos they were caught short .
the group runners may prevent my progress ; i dislike that .
this young gentlemen seems to be in need of a shirt . . .
they look so in love
this photo makes me appreciate life and it ' s goodness .
hehe , looks like someone forgot to take their work home .
he seems to be going fast on that bike .
what lovley moss
the camera must be so low quality to make a closeup picture like this look so bad .
i want to climb that tree and fall out of it .
i can ' t believe madonna ' s limo is coming this way !
well lit view of town
this foie gras will be subpar .
even reptiles ponder the meaning of life .
he looks lonely , where are his lizard friends ?
how did they create these carvings without modern tools ?
whoever designed that logo should not call themselves an artist .
the seat are scanty
oh . golly . what fun .
the entrance to the dorm has a tongue in cheek statue of sophocles .
you cant be heard
i would think should could dress a little more conservatively .
the televisions have just the right style for a beautiful room . thankfully they are the right size for viewing well .
not the best angle for a sports car , really . nice paint , though .
boyscouts are objectively a bad organisation .
praise be to the soldiers .
well , you ' re overdramatic
we got bored wrapping presents so we started making paper robots to hide in the packages .
i could build this in a day
the rocks were hiding animals .
a sweet sleeping little fellow , sweet dreams my friend .
what a stunning shot of the lake from a stunning photographer .
the people here always acted snobbish . .
it seems like the two are having fun , strange outfits but if they ' re having fun , who cares .
such a vast panorama of the city at large rolling out across the playa .
look at our historical flags on the police car .
i wonder what they ' re building on the left side .
this reminds me of when i was young .
where are you going
interesting . i ' m not sure what you are trying to do there .
this places looks so nice . the trimming just looks so cheap though
two flowers sitting on a pot
im not really feeling this dress
i like that a lot
this is a stupid picture and task .
the small flame warms my soul and inspires me to share my knowledge with others .
that guy should get the tripod out of the road .
that view is crap !
that bird is ugly
that is one crazy picture
oh my , this looks like an escape from the everyday
this expansive patch of space is cocoa - colored .
i cannot believe how stupid this sign is .
oh how i would love to be doing this too !
they look like students on the verge of a realization .
those symbolize a lot .
those shoes are terrible ! why are they holding a shoe in a book store ? ? what are they thinking ?
i know some great cameras online for cheap if you want to update ! that may not be best for shooting at night
hmmm . . . i wonder if this player did something wrong ?
they look so happy
the amount of detail on this statue is amazing !
i don ' t seeing anyone stranding here
is she looking at me ? she better not be looking at me .
i can see this being the first flying car of the future !
i am not sure my point of view on the street .
nothing better than getting to a crosswalk with the walk light already lit up .
the objects like fake
their energy is so positive i could bask in it all day .
this girl looks very conceited , flaunting her body like that
i ' m really afraid to cross this street because you know how crazy traffic can get .
i wouldn ' t wear a mouthguard that color .
a monument to architecture and times past of old europe .
look at the way he was able to come down with the ball , wow !
meeting others all the time is a thing we do .
such a bright shade of yellow on a speedy little car like that ! what fun would that be to drive it to the ice cream shop !
where ' s the other one ?
we ' ll never get to the moon this way !
if there ' s something wrong with the engine , that might take a while to fix .
it ' s quite hard to make out but yes ! there is a moose in there .
great blurry pic
beautiful face of a freshly brewed coffe
she was so kind
i think his attitude is upsetting .
i thought that the tour would bring understanding .
[ timeout ]
its so grey and kind of lonely even though there are people .
this is beautiful ! seeing bugs remind me that spring is coming back ; how great !
the airshow was always my favorite event of the year . but i never got myself up in one of them small planes .
this is a huge destination for so many people , you can feel the importance it carries for everyone who sees it
this isnt a photo of anything . why post it ?
i wish it would stop raining so i can go swimming .
strange how people knock down trees to build a flat diamond and play a sport so few enjoy .
these are pretty flowers
dogs rely on us . we should breed responsibly .
why cant i be as smart as this machine ?
all those people in the back must be here about religion .
hope we see a mermaid
whoever planned this room is a fool , why have a desk directly where the sun hits you and why in the world is it blocking a door ?
a good man is one who still plays with lego and invites you to join him !
yeah that ' s a cute babe but it ' s not as cute as mine .
i think this marriage is going to last a long time .
the shower is where you do your best thinking
those buildings are nice .
the weather and clouds make it look so gloomy .
i wish i could just stare at the clouds .
win win win ! let ' s go !
this is going to make a wonderful painting
bet that car would be fun to drive
no one should jaywalk anymore , cus there ' s a pedestrian sign !
wow , great photo
a bridge like spider web
they look like they are having a good time together .
that ' s a pretty cool sight .
this animal looks like a lion
insects are just amazing creatures on this planet .
that bell tower is majestic .
i want to yell at the person who put a park next to a body of water .
the water is green .
the patch of grass is totally ruining the walkway around it ! awful .
it looks like a ritual den
those girls acting so excited to ride a wooden statue are annoying the serious tourists who want to study the area . there is no room for smiling and joking around here !
the pattern behind this man reminds me of a poster i saw at a restaurant once .
the color green is so evil
one man ' s junk is another man ' s treasure . i ' m not sure what this is but i ' m sure it will come in handy . it ' s a pretty attractive piece .
i remember my first beer .
what a wonderful looking evening !
see everything by your third eye
i wonder if he is the cause for what ' s going to happen later today
what is going on here i wonder ?
i doubt there is anything still living here .
oh , a vase and a stick .
why is that person walking on the road ?
such a pretty person !
makes me feel like i ' m in a paradise
i have been feeling sad .
bleak parking lots are all of existence
all this green reminds me of a terrific story i heard about the most deserving person to ever win the lottery .
why is this guy have his hands out like that
a large crowd
this refrigerator looks a bit old
italy made want to ride in a gondola , walk on the pier and swim in sacred waters .
everything looks fine to me
this shot would be the man on the right ' s very last . . .
this piece of art is not that impressive .
yes ! what a lovely place . i would love to do some yoga there
i bet that bow is minnie mouses
i ' m curious to see what the field looks like .
this is like the biggest baseball field .
what a beautiful and elegant creature . the pattern on its wings is exquisite .
sexy ass girls
these kids are doing a great job . i appreciate their hard work .
hey , you wanna come on over ?
he seems to be giving reasonable points and i have to agree
this was my mother ' s favorite restaurant and i get too upset to eat there now .
confidence is something not everybody has be he has it .
what are they doing ? ! i bet this family isn ' t so happy in real life
mr . joe and the prancing pup
i bet i ' m a faster runner than her .
i wouldn ' t go there even if someone paid me .
i would love to know what those birds are up to
the seafood looks as if it has been sitting outside a while . should i take a bite of raw clams .
all the world is a peephole , that only i can see through .
this is in the south america county of brazil .
i can see everyone to the side of the stage
your family looks like they are doing fine .
they look like some rags
i wouldn ' t stand in the center too long . everyone needs to be able to see this great view .
it would take a strong confident person to wear that hat out
the witch from transylvania lives here
that would be the perfect place for the cia to spy on you from .
there is way too much selection on this menu , and none of them even seem appetizing !
when 32 million gallons of water passes under the barge 3 . 7 seconds shall have passed
these buildings are nice
those cloud formations look concerning .
okay betty , i will help in a minute
i could get used to this view everyday .
what a nice spot for a drink and people watching .
is it edible ? i ' m hungry .
i ' m sure this kid will stop crying and love this costume soon .
so many people in that crowd !
look at this poop - hole i hate it here
no one warns you about the amount of damage these critters cause .
i love all the colors of the bottles !
the purple speaks volumes in my soul .
i am glad this man has the strength to lift this , because i sure can ' t !
is that green ?
i ' d love to see these women trip over their own feet .
i just would love to hike here ! it is the most beautiful swamp i have ever seen ! i just have to go there !
i wont fly unless they have a first class section
did you know that those set of buildings were built back in the 1940 ' s and have only needed little to zero upgrades to keep standing ?
something about this freaks me out .
that person looks so lonely , in the huge foyer all alone !
the colors in this really pop !
is he going to miss and hit the catcher ? ! omg he is going to hit the catcher ? !
i wish i could go there with my boyfriend . we could kiss under the stars with the mountains all around us !
the man in blue appears taller
that is a cute stuffie sitting on the chair ! i ' m sure the child it belongs to loves it !
makes me wanna take a nap . . . zzz
this crowd is too large
i ' d love a light , pass me the cigg
the giant trees fill one with fantastic ideas .
i want to soar through those clouds !
there is a stylish elegance to the design of the books .
metal is dangerous to our youth .
this soup gives super powers
the image is only of a brown color .
you can spice this building up with more shrubbery !
they have an playground that no one else can get around to
a man is playing drums
looks like that milk is a bit past experation .
what an enchanting moment caught on film . a true pleasure .
i am a believer , and yet i have doubts .
that poor little kid , he looks like he just fell down or something . i hope mommy gives him a huge hug and kiss and some ice cream .
sitting with family is so relaxing .
tranquility makes for a productive mind
i loosened the screw on the piano bench so before he ' s done playing he ' ll fall .
i like to see all the people spending time together outside : )
the color give the insect a sense of glamour .
workers are at work .
i want these for my collection . i currently have 1 , 257 different pins and caps like these . all unique .
this is a generic waterfall picture . meh
the thinner the air , the clearer the mind .
must go faster !
the tree frames this photo very beautifully and provides a great contrast to the sea .
a magnificent view of a generous , welcoming city .
nice stereotypical witch costume . not as creative as i would have come up with , but adequate .
time to party
the boys were playing around with the fireworks .
my mother ' s favourite flowers - she would love these .
classic ceremony performed
i love that dress , it ' s so simple yet elegant , everything about this is just tugging at my heartstrings .
looks like a good time interviewing the football player .
that bench probably has some good history
the clear blue sky is full of big white clouds .
i don ' t see these girls being very motherly like me
i was so amazed to see my deceased dog appear on the patio .
well , this looks like a great way to get e . coli .
the bash , glamour and fame of an quarter - back
what a serene scene , it reminds me of the beauty of helping people .
they should bot graffiti on thhat , show respect
this is fun , pronouncing a language i don ' t speak . i wonder what it means .
the color purple is the worst color ever .
look at these folks using their phony smiles and fancy duds to mask how empty they feel inside .
shhh , no one should make any noise so the baby can take a nap .
sometimes i don ' t think a brick is a good steps
what a bright and colorful room , this looks fun !
somebody ought to clean that garbage off of the walls .
don ; t need to go to college for this job .
there is more to this relationship than meets the eye .
an old young guy
with such a lovely meal , lets have a quick moment of quiet and give thanks before digging in .
ripe for pillaging and plunder let them all fall down
it is the greatest thing , to be hold the beauty of nature . from some place warm .
he looks like he ' s about to fall
sediment is packed down in layers over time .
those are some exquisite berries growing on that branch .
this art show needs some more participants . i will go find a few homeless people with crayons and signs .
i guess we know where he hides from his family ? cheers .
this place could be used for events
hairstyles can be so silly .
how many people could have died here
that girl is really attractive
a place with a nice view
the holes were not balanced .
what a poorly made cake that looks aweful .
one should pause and contemplate when viewing such a calming color .
walking for sandals better some get on come
i bet he ' s having so much fun in the studio !
what a filthy office !
the apple logo makes me so happy !
a house i will like to live
any closer and he would be sniffing her fingers
though it ' s dark , the rushes growing by the river look luminous
earlier a child his his head on the concrete running . i feel so bad for him and his family
i really like this machine .
what is going on here ?
who was in charge of putting that deer statue there ?
i wish our team win the game ! ! ! come on guys , 5 more minutes !
aww , i cannot wait to be a daddy myself !
oh look , a roof !
sports is weird these days .
thanks but no thanks
i would laugh if he fell into the water .
way to go girl
aw . humans helping each other .
he helped him put it together .
deep in her thoughts ! humans have such a complex mind .
wow , this dessert brings me back to my childhood . i miss my nana .
we can conquer all
looks like a party ! lol
this tree does not care if all the other trees have leaves . it will take its own time to grow .
just another normal face
wow that is a beautiful dress , but who is that next to her
why is it so dark ?
this abundance of motorcycles looks fun .
i ' m sure their parents are so proud of them for playing dress up together .
letting our kids to explore our nature is the best thing we can do to help them learn by themselves .
it wasn ' t supposed to be this stormy today .
i think this is very ugly .
usually we give her a napkin , but i kind of like the mustache .
who would take a dumb picture like this ?
i love staying at cabins that have outhouses such as these . i really makes me feel like i ' m living like my ancestors and connecting with nature .
that is what life leads up to , death
these number wheels are abysmal . whoever thought of such an awful idea should be fired immediately .
this will be mine one day .
i wonder what type of meat that is .
not bad , but my band is far better than these losers .
this picture gives me so much feels !
i was trying to identify different flowers and some was lovely and some was humorous .
wide vistas ; let ' s try stepping from mountain to mountain !
this building is too busy ! it should be torn down !
i would never write on a car .
i would like to eat those dresses .
children are amazing
this carriage looks rickety . but i would ride it in order to get to you !
they should have ironed before this photo .
these mountains are so hot ! why are they always so hot ! ?
this is the morning ritual
too much river
this puppy will find a forever home very soon .
i think those cats are all related .
in - n - out is truly worth cleaning your couch for change
is the thing they are holding alive ?
just going to a walk on a this beautiful morning . the only sounds you will hear is nature
i think its really annoying when people act like they are so special for running in a marathon when so many people do it , its so basic .
that looks so rad , i want to do that now .
i want to know what these people on the ledge are doing - - how did they get up there , what is the prurpose of getting up there , what is their view like ? one day , i will get on the ledge . i will experience what they did . one day , i will .
the shadows of the night are barely kept at bay by the glint of humanity .
this woman right here , i bet she has a boatload of fantastic tales .
it would be pretty exciting to go to a cooking workshop . at least , that ' s where it looks like she is .
can ' t wait to try this stunt at home !
love this city
i feel like purple is out there as a color ! i would like to paint my face that color !
excited to watch this bike race on my european vacation !
oops . did someone turn off the lights on this photo ? peek - a - boo !
this is a cool photo , but black and white seems a little outdated .
beautiful scenery , but i prefer the beautiful view from the top of castle in southern england
did someone say they have kool - aid ? !
i ' m comfortable sitting here in this room
such a wonderful day
you should be calm all the time
what a lovely town
how much did it cost to enter the race ?
i bet my daughter can swim better than her .
amy tried on the wedding dress made of fine silk .
james is the nicest guide i ' ve ever met .
some days your the wood , some days your the fungus .
seeing these bicycles remind me of my best friend that died in high school . we used to love biking together . .
short tree or tall guy ? hmmm . . .
this weird metal sculpture makes me angry .
those sheep look so happy and content in the green field .
oh wow , i ' d be so shy in front of such a strong woman .
this rose represents my mood ! and we share such divine beauty !
the guys are having nice time
that ' s a beautiful dress , i hope to one day deck myself out in such glamorous attire .
welcome to my crib !
being this high up is a familiar feeling .
this place looks like an insane asylum ! i can ' t go back there !
be careful , it ' s kind of high up there !
this sunny garden looks like a comfortable place .
i would string a wire at ankle level .
what beautiful glass !
this is no fun
the tree represents years of adventures .
wow , he is handsome !
i hope he ' s allergic to ice pops .
i could totally see this car being a cool toy car as a kid .
the entrance to an old and dark room , where no one knows what goes on .
it never hurts to try to get on tv .
i ' ve been to all of them
i ' d love to design a display .
the mountain looks big but it ' s probably tiny .
i hate boys with long hair . he reminds me of my boyfriend !
this is the type of train one would see at a tourist attraction .
yum , chinese food .
wild wildlife being wild
running down that hill would be awesome .
we good grow and market these
buffy sainte - marie inspires the best in us as she speaks to a crowd about aboriginal issues .
the only regrets are the empty seats
i love to be inside here
this must of been very exciting to do .
why is there smoke ? !
i wonder why these dogs are so tired . maybe they just got done chasing each other around the house .
what a drag that i have to cut all this lawn .
the yellow bag below the bridge really speaks to me
driving takes all the attention
i feel bad for the owner of that car .
what if she is the person to cure cancer ?
this is just lovely . it would make a beautiful painting . i would hang this right next to my manet . just gorgeous !
this umbrella is built as frail as possible ! every gust of wind makes me think the metal will snap !
this is me when my girlfriend says she ' s home alone .
does anyone want to line up for a race ? i bet my car could stomp yours .
i am thinking that looks nasty .
i ' m not familiar with this culture . i ' d pose with my own flag .
this person is about to do a gene kelly song and dance routine .
two ears , two eyes , one nose and some teeth . universal human like face .
that ' s a great looking shrub .
someone needs to trip this man right before he reaches the finish line .
petty color to go with my crafts
# yum # getinmymouth # rawr # gorgeous need i say more ?
i don ' t think i ' d be able to ride in a hot air balloon , i ' d be way too nervous .
those toys are never going to get back in that box .
oh my . i ' m so upset with this guy .
the text appears to contradict itself
i actually thought the other team was trying to impersonate us .
i ' m very nervous about taking exams here .
mmmm . . . food time
he is strapped in the correct way
ugh ! wish i could have been here .
good morning , mr . sun !
i pass by lights like this every day on my way to school .
i am doubtful of this child ' s future .
this can never turn to a forest
those fire works look like drawings
this is the pub where arthur dent went with ford prefect to await the end of the world .
wanna bet the lady in the back is going to give her friend bunny ears with her fingers ?
this is such a waste of time
i hope his guitar breaks when he plays .
a moment of silence
i could make something like that easily .
i bet that girl has 20 / 20 vision without glasses
a very wholesome moment !
it would feel amazing to lay down and stare at the clouds all day .
! weekper times 5church to go people these
computers are easier to modify than family .
the people on the boat were egotistical .
the blue color of the usb makes me feel depressed . . . i would certainly buy it to match my mood
i hate public displays of affection .
he would be crazy to not have a life vest on that boat
those are either some giant people or some tiny statues ! ! !
i care nothing about what i ' m seeing
she has a such a flair with words
those bears sure look sleepy , except for that one with it ' s eye open .
the rock do not look good there
the sign sits lazily informing visitors .
i am wondering what these bunnies are up to .
girls rarely pose like this
bothersome kids always having fun and stuff . i should buy them ice cream and then throw it at the ground when they reach for it .
live events are stupid , you can ' t see anything because it ' s all so far away and way too loud .
urban vandals working
the turquoise sky is radiating fresh air .
i thought the crowd was pleasing
this house looks like such a nice place to take a date to .
do you think any of them is famous ?
only a moron would paint this color in their home . it is unacceptable .
the family is relaxing .
what a goofy weed
great , i ' d love to visit here and see some old tree with about 5 leaves on
without peace , we are without hope .
my car is much better
what brave individuals ! it takes a lot to take a public stand in what you believe in !
i doubt they understand what they are looking at .
he looks like he is ready to play some hockey .
my fiesta was better .
i can definitely fix up this house without any help !
the artwork makes one face death .
what a precious little froggy ! we must protect it at all costs .
a man alone with his thoughts .
that room looks pretty bare .
it looks like this place was bombed or there was a fire . or else these are ancient ruins .
with that glass building , the apple looks like its floating in mid air waiting to crush someone . haha
those look like wigs flying in the wind !
reminds me of my childhood
a silly collage for a silly person !
the trees are very nice in this picture and the water is so shiny .
he is going to spill his drink
this boulder is going to break apart and destroy everything it comes in contact with .
what a fun day on the water
this is so peaceful .
this must be the beginning of a treasure hunt !
i love the colour
the dog looks so unconcerned
dabbing during a touchdown pass is going to get him tackled .
everyone was welcome on the boat all shapes and sizes .
i can just imagine the history behind those walls and among those hills .
what an interestingly sharp pattern !
i wouldn ' t want my mother to get me a cat .
why is he ruining a perfeclt good photo
reminds me of springtime in innsbruck
i am so amazed at the artwork when i go to art museums . i can stand and look at one piece of art for a long time .
this is a wolf
i ' m a man with a large , thick , steel rod . . .
i love old buildings !
everything you could possibly want on one ship
i don ' t like his smug look , but i wish i was his friend , not !
what is making the bridge look like this ? some fancy light trick , perhaps ?
being here is kind of disturbing
what a beautiful architecture
it is a wall with information on it . why would someone even want to take a picture of this ?
this makes me want to just lie in bed and relax all day .
big cathedrals like this make me think of all the exploited people and how many people are controlled through religion
i do not like the way she is standing .
beat those drums . beat them hard .
the hay bales are always full of wonder .
there are eight monkeys here . or nine ?
the square pattern is disrupted by a self - satisfied smudge of pink , ruining the image .
i can ' t wait to eat a meal that looks this yummy !
the concert was enjoyable and delightful for all attendees .
that is so beautiful
this man better stay away from my sister !
look at this stupid bird trying to fish .
the sky looked dark and disturbing .
contemplating the meaning of the universe .
my what a charming dad !
wow he has just a beatiful smile
crashing into the high skies
that plane probably goes to all types of public
someone will eventually destroy it . . .
hey buddy , oh look gingerbread in the window .
what a lovely bay that boat is in .
this looks familiar to me . i ' m a jet setter who flies all over the world .
these bikers will be biking for 10 , 000 more miles .
the cyclists always take up the whole sidewalk
she looks very observant with her glasses and toy gun
this looks so soothing ! i can almost hear the water .
decaf coffee has a purpose for existing .
the bridge will break , and the hikers injured .
the lecture was outstanding
every time i see someone ' s lost phone i can ' t help but worry about what happened to them . people go missing every day and are never found !
i have never seen this type of event before , why is that man riding a tractor ?
she is too engrossed in her phone .
i just want to cry that sign is so beautiful
the truck needs to press on the gas to get out of the sand
lets go for a ride !
he looks like really young . i wonder what his age is
the water lever was on the bridge it lower the towgate while they watched the ocean flood
very nice for a wedding
this is a dreary depressing photo of a man riding a bike all alone beneath a darkened sky . makes one think of death and the insignificance of life .
uh ohh dont fall
who the hell takes photos while driving ? !
i am better looking than this freak
the painting appears to be slightly off alignment with the wall .
i am so not interested here .
why is it so green . i hate green .
she works so hard and never gets a break
these flowers will just wilt
looking at the submarine , i could discern immediately what type it is
i think i may not understand anything about this panel .
what a peaceful place to be .
she should toss that card at a bystander .
ugh , dumb cheerleaders are so annoying .
the clouds are very grey over the town
the water just does not look like anything i want to be in .
that is the slimiest looking squid of all time !
polo has some very talented players participating .
i could prob break that
this artwork is clearly magical
when i go out to eat no one is looking down or at their phones once i get seated .
some money making opportunities happening right there !
a male and a female walking down a sidewalk .
this is my castle
her hairstyle is so . cute . i love her smile and her style . and it ' s so beautiful there . i ' d love to do a photoshoot there .
the table looks ok
what are all those people doing ? i have counted them all , but i don ' t know what they are doing . i have to know .
look at this beautiful greenery ! it ' s so lush and tropical .
it ' s not smart to take photos while driving .
a fantastic day for this outstanding couple .
keen and sincere kids taking part in a wedding ceremony
what a wonderful skyline . i would love to be on that boat !
so much traffic and no one is going anywhere
he was celebrating one full year sober .
green world beautyfull
red is the new black .
this is the best color , the color of life . it vibrates and everyone can feel it .
the players are inventing new rules to the game as the play .
the price tag on sign advertising is astounding .
stop holding me back
oh gosh ! those rocks and snow look like a disaster waiting to happen !
probably try harder . . .
this guy is making a scene with his drinking habit .
live music is always more than the sum of its melodic lyrics
i miss hanging out in crowds .
this man needs to sit
they are laughing at a really good open ended joke .
the dark lines of urban sprawl make me feel stern .
the weather will be fine today
back the phone up a little bit , too close .
he is very smart
she looks like the statue behind her
these houses are the only ones on this island .
two interesting cats
we need to preserve these historical artifacts so that future generations can learn from them like i can .
what a great picture i was in that exact place recently !
kind of a cloudy day .
i could go on vacation here .
i shouldn ' t be having this scanner .
[ disconnect ]
i don ' t think this vehicle is safe to drive .
the way the sirloin the fork is in super - heated satire
it should have been me
wow i am so shocked at how high it is !
this could be fun if you let it
looks very happy .
this guy should urinate in the portalet not on himself
shadows and darkness make me think of certain plans . . .
i see the burning desire of this man that eventually lead him to the goal
this horse and jockey had to have practiced a lot to get this jump .
hurt get will guy that wow
my buddy receiving some good news about our installation at the gallery .
why is this car so awesome !
i ' ve seen 19 bald eagles on my own property ; this is unimpressive .
it ' s beautiful , but it ' s not really there , you know .
great time with my friends , can ' t wait to see them in 1 hour again !
what a shady looking place , only drunks would go there .
the heartland of america
somebody has cut the power to the rest of the street , call the police !
id be scared to stand on that rock
whoa this picture is wild !
this old stump is a true indication of how far we have come .
shadows are the coldest even in the warmth .
who would want to spend all their money on a car ?
looks like a storm ' s brewing .
aww ! they ' re doing such a good job !
we found some new ways to fix some issues with the flooring .
a tense moment came when jesper missed his cue to start playing .
the garden has a superb layout , and the placement of object is effiecient .
this is the life
i am about to shove that radio right off the desk !
what a crazy old photo . i like the old architecture but i ' d hate to have to maintain it .
this cemetary looks full of fine fancy people who are buried in upscale graves .
ugh . so tried of all these ridiculous cliched mountain and forest pictures .
wow , look at them achieving their dreams
the moon is staring down on the houses .
that looks like a great piece of property , until you need milk , have an emergency , or need to take a kid to school everyday .
being alived and sprung into action !
i can ' t believe this how they power their home .
hey let me help to wipe of that mud
a man stands , yawning ; is he working , or resting ?
the neighbor ' s zebra is back eating my lawn !
don ' t think that pumpkin will stay fresh very long
somoene should stick there foot under the fence and see if they can trip someone
i would really like to take another bite out of that apple !
i really love all of the vibrant colors here , and the composition .
this is very unappealing looking green , makes me just want to stay inside .
who is this statue for ? is it a local hunter ?
their age difference cause outrage .
it looks very skeptical of the cameraman .
that is cool hand dryers
love as expressed through creation .
i love this look !
green is just boring , makes me want to go to a bar and drink .
he could try to do a better job , he looks confused .
did the photographer forget to take a picture of her head ?
what morbid people did this ? i need more time !
the map shows a good representation of the elevation of the land
what an interesting look at the beauty in any situation .
oh to be young again
anyone who would go anywhere like this boring place must be one sandwich short of a picnic .
i know that the white team has got the game in the bag . i ' m not worried at all .
couldn ' t be bothered with windows i see .
ok run real fast if you fear bridges .
the color blue is called blue because our brain named it that . before that , is was not called blue .
can you imagine parachuting off the top of that ? !
hiking is the healthiest thing you can do for your body . nothing is better !
the work that these two have done in the past hour is less than exceptional .
i ' d throw a block party here .
my favorite uncle in his debut play
oh a picture of a person
parks make me feel at ease .
that pattern is not conducive to ease my mind .
i hope the flowers are well taken care of , they ' re so precious and delicate , i do hope someone is watering them every day .
i wish i took music lessons more seriously .
i get very uncomfortable when i see a child next to an outlet
get it learn for the answer sheet
pretty steep waterfall , probably too high to jump from . water is probably pretty cold too
i this this is so sweet .
very detail map .
this is how i look sometimes
oh no , taking your momma ' s napkin will cause you to get into really big trouble .
she looks like the everyday blond but with brunette hair .
this is definitely a color that i recognize
this looks boring .
left at the corner , down the street three blocks , i might make it to work on time .
i believe that plan is actually an insect disguised .
everything will become new .
everyone listened to see if they got bingo . i urged my sister not to get too excited or yell because i need to hear the number .
boring old building
strong willed and determined
you in the mood for sushi ?
nice very is left the on tree the and green so is grass the
that ' s a classic tiffany blue .
reminds me of the good old days . things were so much simpler back then .
she looks like she plays music that is fun to dance to !
i like to review these rice burners
looks like information technology building
in a lonely alleyway , there is a certain wall lined with random photos . no one really knows who put them there or for what reason . they just appear , one photo at a time as the days go by .
that is a very nice looking car there .
i hope a bomb destroys this place soon .
i am so excited to ride a taxi .
what a great place to take the kids
they are so silly !
chip make us hip
he is so hip
can you please not keep reminding me of all the war and violence in the world ? facing my angry neighbor is already more than i can stomach . . .
i ' m the greatest leader ever
i am loving this waterfall .
i am positive this is the future of trash cans , trust me .
i am not sure what that say , but i think it is a parade .
the decor is awesome
the sun is shining in to my soul
the skies awake so im awake
don ; t worry the spider has left my hand
i ' m going to backflip off that rock
the work space is so dirty . if it was organized they would get more work done .
jerks ate all of the pizza without leaving any for me ! i hope they get fat and their skin breaks out .
look at all of my best friends !
i ' m sure all these things are useful for something !
that beak looks really strong ; i would hate to be bitten by it .
that is pretty yellow
i ' ll take the steps today not the elevator .
another church silhouette . .
why do they look so excited over a train ? life is short and meaningless . no train could change my mind .
what a tough looking kid . he ' s gonna be a great football player someday .
they look very weird
lets change the scenery .
looks like an awesome place to hang out with friends .
the abstract almost real
this color makes me feel nice .
the food here will get your sweat glands working !
i remember when my older brothers used to care for me like this .
i get such an eerie feeling , looking up at the houses packed to tightly together .
what an exciting festival , i wish i could be there !
i recognize this from my history book .
helmets often do not protect against concussion .
what a deep look
no he ' s not standing on a rock !
he was not thrilled about having to pilot the chopper that morning .
this is boring
i love love love riding , it ' s so thrilling and crazy ! ahh i need to go riding soon !
he explains it playfully
the cookies look very strange .
we are not equal to animals !
hard workers are honest folk .
that looks dangerous .
i don ' t understand the point of this ?
this place looks too expensive for me .
out for a cool bath , trying to learn his way in the big wide world . . . enjoying his time in his canine mind .
i don ' t like men who dress like that and walk around for attention !
what a nice place to do extreme bikes .
he wants to look a bit taller .
this railroad reminds me of our old house that was right on the tracks .
that car looks very ugly .
skiing is the best ! ! !
this is a great picture of a great cause ! go team !
this mushroom is so tiny in relation to the world , but has worked hard to emerge and grow .
what is that ? is that one of the many tentacles of cthulhu ?
the canyon behind this man looks like bryce canyon which i hiked last month !
i just didn ' t care .
it is the fire dept truck , they help people from all walks of life unconditionally .
what a great amount of twists ! wonderful imagery and colors ! i am so stunned by this photograph i could just die !
oh , please , do you expect me to walk all the way there ?
i don ' t know these people
polar bear ! ! ! seems that he is keen to his prey
i would love to peacefully walk those stairs and worship within those walls .
this is awesome
i truly hope all these children didn ' t fall after looking up towards the camera . i feel bad for those who aren ' t athletic and have to be in this photo .
crowds are the best
hippies and ren - faire types ruin the festival circuit .
i would love to dance with the entire line of ladies .
yeah ! hit that siren , lets have a loud bbq !
this pic reminds of me elders discussing grand things back in the day . i miss when elders were respected .
the cemetary shows us that death is inevitable .
the flower is beautiful , i love how such beauty grows in the wilderness of this geat country
i have no idea what i am even thinking
this woman looks like a passed out booze - hound .
it is so refreshing to see ladies from a middle eastern environment being able to attend class as equals .
these guys look youthful
loving his country , amazing
apple products are for dull people .
those shades will not stop sunburn completely .
you call this food
why would anyone subject themselves to a job like that ?
i can ' t believe anybody would chose to waste their time looking at this stupid globe when they could be doing something important with their lives .
what even is this ?
there is so much sensual beauty in this picture , the lighting is just perfect , the flow , everything is just great .
i ' m so thankful to be able to see the house my great grand dad built .
this might look cool , but my car looks cooler
those are some nice white flowers .
i should just take the statue
the world move ' s on a woman ' s hips .
i would never let my child play sports like this . way to dangerous what if they get hurt ?
right up the road is my fave reading spot in the tree
the color of the pavement was the same
omg this is so neat ! ! !
chilling on my balcony overlooking the lake on a cold day .
lol ! someone escaped from sesame street !
wonder what they are doing ? it looks like they are having fun
this is the best color . i ' ll fight you if you don ' t agree .
bless whoever may get lost in these mountains , they seem like a punishing landscape .
this shade of blue and green reminds me of a hazy sky that i would see in my imagination , on a humid night on a distant planet .
the rain pouring down on the city streets is the most lovely sight !
that guys musatche should be cut off immediately , so gross .
yellow boats are better than these .
a day at the beach would be uber fun !
i would love to get married here
i am not sure if i want to eat this .
i don ' t know what bimbo designed this .
the way the shadows lie on the grass seems so out of this world .
i don ' t appreciate these stairs being made to look like a sideways y . that ' s totally sexists against the x chromosome .
looks like a severe storm might make us loose power . . . . . make sure to have a flashlight on hand just in case .
imagine floating in the guy looking down on this
que nia tan traviesa , espero que mi hija no sea as
oh that looks great , not .
shocked is how he felt when his dreams opened up in front of him .
the ladies are having alot of fun dancing .
i ' m glad the young ones seem to be learning .
i felt nervous in the court room , before they read the verdict .
spacious , green , roomy
is this photo taken in the dark or it is a curtain ?
doom and gloob
what a sweet looking couple !
i have big dreams
i would love to travel to this place ! i can picture myself having a blast here .
nature is love
this makes me so mad , why would someone leave this on the ground ?
by the way , i ' ve been here a few times .
if you ' re a fake war herodoes that mean you can win fake awards ?
which way do i go , nobody knows !
i would repel here .
let ' s get this pottery to the kiln ! !
i hope he ' s not going to a funeral .
unclean , unkempt . uncouth
murals honor beloved artists .
staying cool in the summer heat . looking at some great pictures .
we should be more respectful of soaring birds .
hmph , i would never golf here look how drab the grass is , not good enough for me .
look at those pictures . they may look like normal people , but i wonder what they are really like inside , what secrets are they hiding ?
strumming the guitar but i can ' t think of a song to play .
i would really demand somebody to repair every damage done to this .
ok girl , if you ' re not smiling it mean you ' re not having a good time !
i don ' t mind rock music .
i wonder if i get the pen with this coupon too
this is a very lovely picture .
they ' re so shiny when they ' re new , but what happens in the rain ?
wow , that person is quite generous to be giving away those magazines just for five dollars !
the lights are beautiful .
not sure how much longer i can sit here for
i look better than them .
photo of family or friends
i would crash that car as soon as i bought it .
i have a neutral stance on rolls royce  s even if they are phantoms
that water looks contaminate .
a nice picnic spot
are they going to throw any candy ? i hope they have jawbreakers .
pit stop of our bike ride up this little known beautiful mountain .
i ' d like to join the airforce , but i ' m also scared to join
the trees have combined their branches in a universal desire to reach the heavens .
this was a very insightful play . it made me think about life and death
i love that type of microphone . i ' ve collected a bunch of dynamic cardiod mikes , way better than lav mikes . but you ' ve got to pay attention to the wireless frequences . some of them are too cheap to use good ones .
i cannot run here
you girls are so pretty and trendy .
where is the food , was there food , it looks like something was eatern , where is the food ?
such a beautiful day for a wedding
newbie learning to play guitar
a very normal building in a bland and normal town .
look at how big that is ! i bet i can fit a whole person in there , i mean look at it !
not my type of menu , really don ' t like milkshakes
this is a classic car , the owner takes very good care of it .
a good natured guy
abandoned merry - go - round in a deserted area
thats way too mnay cards to put in that book
look who is here bright and early and ready to have fun .
that looks like it was designed by aliens .
the front of the vehicle is exposed
imagine a stone palace out here , with a private zoo of exotic animals .
they wondered how the building was built .
they both would rather be looking at anything but each other . must be married .
this reminds me of alice in wonderland at tea time with all those crazy adventures of hers !
quite a fascinating set of colors
the cross atop the church and the branch from the tree meeting shows how religion needs to work with nature and not against it .
getting ready to get my hair washed for dinner
that is a very interesting knife block .
this reminds me of a better time . i wish i could go back to then .
whoever designed that has a creative mind . i would like something like that in my home .
i could run the highest mountains and maybe twice more .
what a delightful outfit he has there .
wow , that looks cool !
mom ! ! ! hold my lunch ! !
four generations of ladies
it is a good thing i am not teaching his swing .
i wonder what those feel like . smooth , or textured ?
she ' s lived a bad life .
these seats are terrible , they should ' ve demanded better seats .
blue is sad
as beautiful as my wifes smile .
what a nice girl . looks like she ' s dressed for easter .
who cares about these flowers ?
this picture ' s really green . i wonder why . just one color , so weird !
i wish i could see the ocean without thinking about global warming and pollution .
let ' s runaway together
it was very impersonal of you to not say hello .
the freshly cut grass provides an arousing smell .
this loser needs a hair trim
that water looks so cold , i bet it ' s cold
i don ' t know where this is
beautiful picture . i can hear how good you sounded just looking at it : )
that boat doesnt seem very sturdy
that butterfly has good taste in colors .
i hope these people are alright .
that kid looks pretty happy .
he is going to get hurt
i want to destroy this picture
it ' s hard to believe these things are poisonous .
of course it is girls playing volleyball again ; it is a sport for women , not men !
wow , this is really kitch boat .
you could be poisoned by these .
i love how delicate and graceful this flower looks it ' s a true beauty .
look at the way that bird is sitting there . what a jerk .
nice evening to walk with friends .
their heels are clicking
some trees , and i think those are fields ?
it took years to carve the face of that mountain like that .
thats a lot of people sitting
what am i doing here ? i am so confused .
i really am not into religious speakers .
what a dignified statue
the water looks calm and boring .
that is such a tall building .
animals don ' t do that very often .
this place needs to be wiped .
this is me every morning when i wake up .
those haircuts look inexpensive , maybe they are trying to cut back
this graffiti looks cool . kinda plain though .
! skystarryglorious thisyt ? atlook
come on , kid ! you can do better than that . let me show you how it is done .
i would love to join the formal event
they are ready to make babies
i ' m much prettier than these girls .
this picture brings back good memories of when i used to work in the office
i really like the complexity that this brings .
a band that you ' ve probably never heard of before performing .
like a ghost
what an old imac !
stick your tongue on that ice .
the settings is so beautiful .
he looks like a compassionate youg man .
those mountains must have a lot of bears !
cute tow cats sleeping
so much food for a small table .
can you teach me that marvelous
he should have cut it with his finger
i love it ! i have to have it !
i love youtube , love call of duty videos
i dont like seeing this
ugh gross the dentist . don ' t you just love them , not .
love those tiles ! they would go great in my living room !
the red oxiode the digital numbers matched the secen perfect
i don ' t believe it
tasty and spicy
wow , i can ' t believe cheerleaders are so slim . there is absolutely no fat on either girl and they genuinely seem to enjoy what they are doing !
i want to see a dodger game , but i don ' t want to drive down there . it is too far .
children of thew corn
weak to the eyes
the fern ruined the landscape of the otherwise pristine forest .
wow , there is beautiful fish that resembles humans desire to freeze time . wow .
maybe she should step in between the bromance .
this looks poisonous .
i bet a bunch of awful things happen behind those doors .
this place looks so open and spacious and really relaxing to walk around
they seem to be a nice couple .
he ' s about to fart ! quick , cover your nose !
the singular blue umbrella stands out against its rocky shoal backdrop .
the property taxes are not going to break the bank .
they need more van
there ' s so many good hiding places in that church ! i would love to play hide and seek there !
if you don ' t stay within the lines of the road , you may hurt yourself !
dressing for an important meeting is smart .
i don ' t think they are trying very hard . are they even playing for real teams or just goofing off ? do they know proper soccer rules ?
are these leo people ?
i just love old sci - fi movies like star trek .
they were awesome !
and here we have sir sqawks !
this fort looks just insane
she really pulls off the red hair better than i ever could .
this need a good door
looks like some overpriced sporting field for rich brats .
those glasses are totally last season .
doesnt look legal
beautiful lonely bird
they really should block the sun from trying to shine thorough . the clouds that is .
the cloud cover lifted and we could finally see the island .
why that is so awesome . like a shipwreck that got stuck on the frame of the window .
nightime in the city , let ' s party
who honestly goes to disney world ?
these birds are truly living life
i wonder what this boy is looking at .
this fat girl wishes she could walk
the photo is purple
this beautiful photo was taken in 2009
loving the colour yellow .
the ornaments are majestic and beyond compare .
that guy looks like he ' s not very nice .
teens must learn to fend for themselves eventually .
a mother knows no bounds when holding her child
what a sad fair it ' s like it knowns that it ' s time has come to an end .
what an eyesore ! looks like it ' s falling down !
i like the pink color
the dj is about to drop the beats . i ' m ready for the music to go from slow to ultimate beat bashing . time to go nuts and rock this party
oh that is so heartwarming
i believe that blue color comes from the periwinkle flower .
hmm , reminds me of a similar piece i did for a national art show .
it is never comfortable feeling or seeming like a third wheel . in reality , or in a photo .
these boys are friends
it ' s basketball skin !
congrats everyone . i will never forget this day .
all children look alike . adorable . thanks for the photo .
these cute kids are super crazy like their momma .
she seems inspired by her speech .
not a good singer
i bet these two will be divorced in months . 50 % of marriages end in divorce anyways .
tech team ready and willing to work on next million dollar company
such a beautiful scene . . . truly art .
i am afraid of clowns .
i wonder what the current score of the game is . it ' s hard to tell from the players ' expressions .
they are very enthusiastic and fullfilled
can you believe how huge this explosion is going to be ?
i hope the people in that town are happy
what is happening here ? is this for real ?
i don ' t think they ' ll win .
the steel protects whats inside the drum container
why is he looking at her like that ! ! if he touches her , i ' ll punch him !
what could that be
the tiny stamens remind us of the beaks of tiny birds .
i try not to tread too heavily on the steps .
what are the flowers for ?
they were so happy to see each other again and save the time with a picture .
just some school kids seeing a movie
i wanted to add more flowers but she didn ' t so we left it like it is .
where is this ? i ' ve never seen it before .
i love that vase .
just had the best experience
the window shutters should have consistent color . we should make sure every neighbor is on board with making the building ' s outside appearance look more uniform .
coffee can give you cancer
what is this junk ?
i doubt that car can go very fast . it probably won ' t even start . i have doubts about this car .
i myself am a skilled drummer like the person in this picture . i have years of lessons and experience under my belt and am not a beginner
maybe practicing for a speech .
squash is not very yummy , this is a sad meal
let ' s be real , this is not a great look .
this is an tree of very structured context
that cat better watch out ! spying on me again ! i ' ll call animal control on the owner !
i wasn ' t lucky enough to be there , but looks like fun !
i love objects that glows in the dark .
aww a little jet plane wing
who would think you could get a photo like this ? !
darkness with lamp
aww , so cute !
they are grateful to be togethere .
i ' d love to visit the far east and just visit all the hot spots !
i bet the players are on fire !
that boy is is funny looking blow up chair , he is probably the king of the house !
the train was so pretty .
is this a picture of the grand canyon ?
purple blue is a good color , it reminds me of a friend i used to have it ' s her favorite color
you may not finish first , but you will still feel accomplishment when you finally cross the finish line !
i love the juxtaposition of the sky against the land . i think the framing of this picture is just beautiful .
the bride was so happy and ready to dance
don ' t know how to feel about this picture . not sure if it makes me calm or anxious .
with that grid you can measure size .
what wonderful craftsmanship . they don ' t build things like this anymore . what a shame !
teenagers are so annoying with their odd new forms of socialization like this .
cars are parked outside the factory street .
good thinking with the lock . one can never be too careful about protecting one ' s assets .
the statue is sleeping
i don ' t know where i ' m going !
i am afraid to fly
these tiles just catch my attention
don ' t you love the design of an old steering wheel that ' s been opened up and tinkered with ? i wonder how they invented all the knobs to work the way they do . it ' s neat .
i ' m too scared to walk on that .
this looks like an old picture from the 90s !
this is a good time of day to take your lover for a stroll .
very intricate design .
this is a very nice lo car !
i lover her shirt
what an amazing interpretation of the red fashion car .
this type of flower reminds me of somthing that i ' d rather not talk about .
the place is very well manufactured
the beautiful flower is dying .
congrats girl ! we should train together for next year ' s games .
the street name is weird .
oh , that just looks so delicious . i used to love all that bread and pasta stuff , but i ' ve gone paleo .
i could climb this building
this moment is so special .
why are residents doing the police ' s job ?
oh yeah - go long !
this is the best place for it .
the game is not intresting
the ocean tells many secrets
some people are so careless to leave their broken crap around
looks like an old haunted house
sure these fireworks are nice but what stops a dog or child from running up and grabbing one then ending up disfigured ? nothing , i ' ve seen the videos where it happened and it does not look fun .
i wonder if that trian is stuck in that tunnel .
this looks like a shaman from a dream sequence .
this scene would be complete if the cat were riding in the basket on that bike .
in the emerald green forest i fell asleep under a huge tree .
i hope they crash into one another
flowery on the 2nd floor balcony
i can think of three species of fly that he would ingest within a 5 second period like that . insect protein is the future so . . .
they should be recorded on animal planet one day
the sky looks dangerous and daring over the city .
such an elegant skyline !
the colors and imagery are gorgeous ! the colors really stand out .
looks nice to see the lady playing the instrument
they are in love
it may be disturbing to look at , but the use of animals for food helps sustain human life .
i want to visit his city
just another picture from our camping trip
are these legal around here ?
attitude is not a lady thing !
looks like a bunch of meat will be wasted .
how nice to see a young lad frolicking in the blistering cold , having a wonderful time .
oh goody ! look at all the packages waiting to be opened !
it was the best idea ever to save these old letters . it gives real insight to the time period .
i am at a swimming spot . there is a river and some trees .
you ever want to just take a painting off the wall and see who notices ?
just cool to sit in the audience and watch the grand old opera . i am blessed .
someone could easily poison this .
i love the way the clouds form a flower shape in the sky .
this is an example of how artistic randomness can be
loving family moments elevate endorphin levels .
what would happen if a fish ate that boat ?
i ' m afraid something might happen to them one day .
the craftsmanship is so pristine and elegant .
what a beautiful painting ! it captures the essence of the perfect biblical scene .
this microphone is very noisy
too intense and scary for me .
i wonder what she ' s doing .
ahh spring has sprung , so beautiful i should give these to a fine lass .
there is such beauty in the mundane .
it took a lot work to make windows that shape .
weddings are so fun ! this is the happiest day of her life !
this slate stone would look beautiful in my house .
i wonder how many people wild animals have eaten in this area ?
i could have taken a better photo than this . the darks are too dark in the foreground .
this is where her mother died
i wish that whole hillside would just collapse .
the object is so calming
i love the way her hair flows to the keyboards
it ' s good to see our schools have the privilege of having sports programs .
the friend who brought me these flowers is such a dear , kind soul .
i bet he ' s going really fast !
i am going to rebuild this
anyone can do this type of art !
i don ' t think i can run in a group of runners .
i once completed a painting that looked very similar to this scene .
we all want sustainable neighborhoods , community cohesion , and economic prosperity .
they are just 2 good friends .
this is very simple architecture .
looks like my house
the lonely road
what exactly is going on here ?
when did you change your hair color
what crazy looking dance with odd outfits ! looks like a bunch of insanity to me .
if you think i would run around these lines is beyond funny .
hmm looks like she got an award , probably not as prestigious as the one i received .
i can use that blade to cut that usb . make it work better , perhaps ?
the red really stands out on that building .
be calm and ahppy
she was so happy to be there .
i can ' t believe this is where our country is headed .
i ' m worried there might be a huge argument here .
his speech is making me want to lick this candy .
all this awards take me to a magical place .
in and out , in and out , in and . . . . oh . . .
i ' m ready to see this elephant knock down that fence !
that ' s a dragon fly . stay away or it may bite you .
how smart is that growing grapes to eat .
nothing like some irish whiskey to make me feel like a young lad again .
i could fall
this picture looks so calm and collected , i love the background .
it used to be water park in old days
how many tattoos does this individual have ? how does this affect his career ?
waves ? stop , drop , and roll ! look out for crabs !
the truck looks like it ' s ready to end .
i wonder how long it would take to climb to the top of that pole !
what ? i thought mount st . helens was a mountain !
each of these kids has a unique journey to share
that ' s a masonic floor . the balance of dark , and light .
i ' d tear that sign down and park there out of spite .
here we have one of the most beautiful coast lines in the world !
lets follow these tracks guys
i find this landscape very interesting . i am going to do some research on its history .
if you look closely you can identify the age of this work
dogs are hunting for my soul
i can ' t wait to get out there and get to work
play time while weekened
this is so freaking pretty !
i just adore the architecture in these asian countries
that ' s not a word . . .
beneath , underneath and within .
through more research , we will find a cure
why are they performing their march on the side of the road ? do they wish to give off the idea that they are merely a sideshow attraction ?
i could never take pictures as good as you .
gross . not a fan of this image .
i think i will try to accomplish this on my own without any assistance .
wow what a fun unique art !
looks like the same windmill i ' ve seen 50 times before .
can those bikes fly ?
i don ' t even know what i ' m looking at ! loving the bright blue though
a big city to explore lets get to it
what a lovely quality the light has .
is that an aloe plant behind the man
i cant look at the road
the sun going down is so enticing
rough looking sculpture
i wouldn ' t want to have my picture taken with this camera .
the yellow on this bird ' s stomach is exquisitely bright .
we ' ve reached atlantis !
the women in this image are beautiful .
to be honest , this is an ugly beach
these guys think they are actual crime fighter . . .
what ' s wrong with people ? ! no one raked the leaves ! ! grrrrr .
those words are backwards ! ! ! why are those words backwards ? ? ?
ill put ghost peppers in there
if i were him i wouldn ' t let this picture out on the internet .
the statue is crazy tall
public speaking is not my strong suit , not feeling very good today but i have these lovely people by my side .
you can almost picture the scene they are recreating .
this guy looks like a crocodile hunter .
all of these athletes doing their best !
shake it girl , shake it !
this is really empty
many of my friends used to believe this was the best background color for their aim buddy profiles , but i told them they were wrong . hot pink background was obviously superior . .
the white statue against a deep blue sky is every artist ' s dream .
there is so much meaning in this tree .
wow , look at all these people on the beach ! just so many .
that looks nice .
the green umbrella is a good idea . allows cars to see you more easily in poor conditions
a quiet walk through the forest and a tranquil pond . a nice sight to see to relax .
i do not have any feelings about this air show .
very beautiful green light
geeze that cat doesn ' t look happy . i ' m surprised that she lets it get so close to her , it could scratch her !
how did that even get up there ? ? and who put it up there ?
it ' s amazing to see peoples minds be put to good work .
love the xmas lights
the pieces were polished
this gorgeous gold inlay is so intricate .
jeez this is silly
barbed wire , such as this , has been used in agriculture , experimentation , and even construction . so , it saddens me that we associate it to warefare .
there is too much cream in the meatball recipe
incredible brickwork for an oven
i would be working harder than they are if i was in there .
i dread death
nice day to open doors for fresh air
i wonder if there are sea monsters in this water .
i love to scream really loud when i taste something mildly declicious
peaceful waters at sunset , lovely .
these bears are made of wood
wow , just seeing this beautiful piece of nature makes me so grateful to live on this earth .
i ' m confident that the person is looking where he / she is walking and sees the white spot .
the combination of these flowers must be well calculated .
you can go through tunnels and walk there
this is beneath me
swimming in the lake is tiring . he will not be able to go far .
i don ' t think that baby is very interested in those toys .
very clean and well flanged plenty of arid ventelation
i wonder what the scene is depicting .
the early bird gets what he wants .
look cute together
that ' s such a stupid pile of wood ! anyone would be able to easily out do it !
save one of those for me !
geez , why do these geese have to live in such a polluted river ?
i ' m just waiting for my friend to come back with the bread crumbs .
just think if you could run straight up the wall and right in space .
this is such a depressing picture in my mind .
getting back to the hometown reminds me of where i ' ve come from .
what an amazingly beautiful creature
why for is he holding that stick
i can just tell by his face that this guy is dumb .
here ' s a crowd that would be fun to send a drone into , and scare the life out of them lol .
these people are just chillin .
there ' s too much going on here . i would prefer something more plain .
what sweet , dark greens and browns this duck is blessed with . he is elegant in his movements .
i would be so upset to climb this .
this is such a glorious display of national pride !
artists didn ' t draw like this in my day .
those sideburns look like a blast from the past ! when was this picture taken .
if that tree falls , does any one hear it ?
i could turn that into a winner
i can ' t wait til this rain stops , i want to open up this baby and see what she can do on the road .
she should have on longer bottoms
the detailed features on his body and head are awesome !
this is the most beautiful scene i have ever had the pleasure to see !
i want to swim across that entire ocean just to see if i could . people would talk about me for decades if i did .
bliss in the wild .
snow means snowball fight time !
that guy looks very nice and friendly .
these 2 are always fighting over this bone .
i feel so happy about this picture .
i ' d like to offer this fellow a beer .
i will buy about 500 of these buildings , easy !
what a disdainful site
sunset is the day dying . everyone leaves , departs like these boats . we are moored ever so briefly , bobbing complacently in place . . . until we aren ' t . unleashed , unmoored , and then - gone .
just a picture of some braided yarn .
its beautiful , shame that global warming will ruin it .
i am glad to see such amazing art , i feel like it brings the tender heart out in me .
this looks like a place i ' d like to take my family .
someone could have broken that
what fine dwellings , a nice place to rest by the sea .
what kind of design is that building ?
everytime i attend such events , i wish i had a date to bring with me .
clearly you love what you do .
ah , i remember my first dog
practical , pragmatic , matter - of - fact
that commander doesn ' t look like he has his mens ' respect
picture is a bit dark i have to say
a singer singing her songs
i work a second job waiting tables to make side money . on the weekend nights i can make more than a whole weeks worth of minimum wage hourly pay .
the electric bill is very high this month .
success is here
they are gonna start a fight
it must be cold there
looking great ! i can really sense all the spirit you have in this performance . great work ! ! !
this is an dusk of potential light sources before dawn
santa hats and it ' s not even snowing .
a lot of objects here
they think they are all that
i love the lense focus in this image .
the perspective and lighting makes me want to sit right at the center .
i collect striped poles , every striped pole i find , at any price , and i really need the ones i see here , i wonder where this is . . .
newtons on yeah
a beautiful city
what a beautiful part of life . such a small creature , yet has potential to become the most important human to ever exist
structures like these are a testiment to what we can accomplish as humanity .
there ' s a lot going on here - it looks like a long dress , or a sonogram , or even the ocean . really interesting overlay for the photograph to look this way .
ground is wet , it must be england .
i am overjoyed
they borrowed my threads
ive smelled this area before
i just took some day dreaming before this picture
these girls are staring too hard at me
he played a lot of wesley willis , despite his grandmother ' s objections .
i hope he gets back onstage ok .
looks like things are about to kick off with the blue shirts hahaha
i want to marry this thing
nme is a worthy name of greatness .
what a peaceful place for a picnic
this is the color i see spinning around looking up outside
what an achievement to graduate , i sympathizes with her hard work .
the 13 trees in the foreground of this image are very interesting .
the way they are running isn ' t normal .
let us get our self to church and be clean .
seems no one is the winner
oh , what a beautiful day , look out this window and enjoy !
such beautiful colors this family has on , and what a lovely family
they shouldn ' t have blurred the ugly girl out
i would climb this ladder while the car is going 80mph .
this looks like some super old scrabble pieces .
that looks a little scarey
why would someone be baiting and antelope with corn ? must be illegal poaching going on .
i should go out and play with those deer .
our inner peace is important part of ourselves
it looks like it ' s still alive
the latest happenings in my village . i ' m not sure about this .
a school band group is shown and they are beautifully dressed .
what a hip flower
ew ! this place looks way too rundown for my liking !
i wish i knew what was going on , looks fun though , i want to go see for myself !
at peace with the world
its getting hot in here ,
this woman is showing off her expensive bag in public .
nice modern view .
this band needs to hang up the microphones and go to where old gigs go to retire .
this is such a historical peice of art
i ' ve been looking for some lovely red candles like these for my formal dining room .
a beautiful ancient art work is shown in the building .
wow ! ! ! what a great day , i can ' t wait to see everyone again soon !
this is one of the greatest public speakers
some bunch of chinese words .
the picture do not seem real
wow , this is grim - capitalist creep is going to kill the planet .
looks like feces .
such an interesting setting .
too crowded for my tastes
who doesn ' t love pitchforks and cast - iron pans for party decor .
i doubt that they can hit the target with that paintball gun .
this is a sad day
i wish they ' d take the guns off the wall and shoot me instead of slowly killing me with their music .
what ' s coming for me
it ' s safe to ride a motorcycle without a helmet sometimes .
i wish i got that dancers part
never , never , never ever .
this shopping mall looks like it ' s in korea or japan . i can ' t wait to someday backpack around asia and see malls like this !
what a wonderful congregation ; you should come join us sometime .
i want to take one of those babies for a ride !
black and white
the picture is so empty .
dance public good
its always great to have your house updated based on the current trends .
i think sports can be upsetting .
this upscale restaurant serves the best cuisine on the street .
wow ! look at all this great food ! ! this is a great time .
i don ' t think these flowers are going to live much longer .
i ' d love to be there !
when i was making the meal i was quite tense
i feel home .
oh no , i hope everyone ' s okay .
i love this place so much . i want to come here all the time .
what war are they honoring anyway ?
life is black and white .
what ' s so special about this pottery ?
if he prays before his game he ' s wasting time
these two idiots are showing off their sweets
looks like amateur night .
lovely hot eyes
this image is exquisite !
oh , what a guy ! jumping on a trampoline ! if only he had a monkey !
a nice cold day in the city !
i know the math equation behind those stairs
what would happen if an avalanche blasted through right now and smothered us all ? ! ? !
a plane in the air , oh wow ive never seen this before .
service here is great , always with a smile
she uttered her last verse and stepped off stage . . .
this picture looks like the people are having a good time out in the fresh open air .
i think i will clean this sidewalk .
i just arrived in this new town after quitting my job . time to go on an adventure !
the placement , colors , and the set up were done in such a classy way that the bright colors came off well .
he needs to get up and keep trying instead of giving up and being down on himself .
i love her stickers ! hahahaha omg the monkey o . o
this shot seems to just flow from his body .
what a waste of time and money . just listen to a cd .
i remember my grandpa riding these bikes to the store once a week ! good times !
place where people work
c ' mon pony , lets win this race .
the cold , hard images below suggest that the town is unwelcoming and confrontational .
the superheroes of the world
it ' d sure be nice if they had better architecture .
waht a fantastic colour
perfect for a backyard patio to relax
this quaint part of city is appealing to me
man those chairs look comfy
hey now make sure that everything is in place . i want everything to be perfect !
[ timeout ]
why do people even bother taking urban photos ?
the water looks cold today .
i can get away in my dreams
soccer is by far the best sport on planet earth .
i wish i would have designed this
the death of leon had a large impact on the surrounding community
this girl is wearing a brown and tan vneck sweater that looks new . her long , straight hair is parted on the side and has a red streak on one site . she is wearing a ring on her ring finger and has a tattoo on her chest
some of those pumpkins look so funny ! why are they such a weird shape ?
looks like a place someone would hide a body .
this is a city .
this is weird . does this place look like this , or do i really look like this ? what is pince ?
what a charming shot ! love looking at real , local life .
pull her down
to enjoy the view
my mommy does everything for me . i don ' t know where i ' d be without her .
we ' re all going to die !
what could possibly be going on here ?
these lights are nice and dim .
why are you eating there ? ?
good , natural wood .
i find the scene here interesting .
what a waste of energy and resources .
romantic . i ' d like to express my love to you here .
any car of those cars could crash into each other
is that siding ? looks hard to put up !
he looks like the cowardly lion . . . a figure that we all know was actually brave .
the idol is useless to the community and needs to be removed .
i hate this color with a passion . no !
i wish i could sit in front of this all day , i love it
the wall was a stark solid intimidating blue .
i don ' t like the layout of the photos !
why . why would you do this . why would you show it to anyone .
where ' s my kitty ? i ' ve got the yarn balls all ready for her .
couldn ' t the photographer walk half a mile to take a closer picture of the castle ?
i love how spirited the color brown makes me feel - - makes me think of time spent in the woods on the 4th of july !
what intricate metalwork on the window framing
i see a blank green screen to my left . i assume something went wrong and the image did not load .
someone will eat that bone after its on the floor .
in the end all life comes to a halt
what a beautiful piece of architecture
this crazy guy needed to calm down
photography is an amazing art that takes years to perfect - shown by this picture .
the place has a beautiful corridor with large windows that you can see outside from .
that ' s a weird looking desk .
this priest is so thoughtful to care for this lady !
the rails are the pulsing lifeblood of a city ' s commerce !
ticket selling office
someone should throw eggs at that house
howdy partner , love your boots ! i think i could pull those off !
i ' m so glad i voted today .
i want to eat all that chikcen .
it ' s so calm and serene after everyone has left
the glass bulbs were out of holiday season and strange colors .
i can ' t stand these tattoos , it doesn ' t even fit him
all these colors are weird
i can be quite easy when it comes to my grandchildren .
i can ' t see why they feel self important .
this ride looks really fun , and the lady on the right isn ' t half bad either
i counted the windows .
this looks like a very quiet spot .
two people are having discussion and presenting
i could see a crazy good time here .
i ' m stuck under here and don ' t think i can get out !
this water is not luxurious at all .
a beautiful example of a historic structure .
lol does anyone not know where this is ?
what ? ! do these exist now ? ? ? why didn ' t anyone tell me ? !
none will be forgotten
this is an intricate little slope there , look at all the individual pieces created to make it look so seamless /
i love seeing all these people for the service .
the white suv is avoiding police , much like oj .
the height is out of this world
kids party ? sign me up !
what a friendly mop .
lighting candles and saying prayers for the state of the world .
i like the orignal coffee makeer
what if there is a head under that white bag .
yikes , live rock show ? what a nightmare .
omg he looked at me !
she really takes the most beautiful photos .
i know exactly where this photo was taken
i don ' t like what i can ' t see
ahh , to live the life of a lazy dog . jealousy !
i don ' t understand why there ' s computer companies and car companies sponsoring him . shouldn ' t it be one or the other ?
this seems so boring
i can ' t read those letters , can anyone tell me ?
some people just aren ' t meant to be public speakers .
is this bike safe ? it looks as though it has been built with the bare minimum parts . i know too many people who have been in motorcycle accidents , especially poorly put together ones .
so you want me to help you in the tub ? what good does this do me ?
this beautiful country is full of smart , strong women .
it looks like a place where i ' d fit right in , i can have this kind of fun for sure .
the festival was fantastic this year
this is a very nicely put together young man .
don ' t trip on the wires !
art is such a sacred human tradition . this is beautiful .
i seem to be seeing green ! !
i know the answers to all of these displayed questions already .
an exquisite bird
the posture of the equestrian is perfect .
this image is awful .
are those lemons in the front ? they look paler than the other lemons .
i bet they are looking for change under the seats .
what in the world is that bird doing ?
looks like a nice day to go for a nice bike outing , hopefully the bridge isn ' t too bumpy .
the blur here is caused by the shutter speed being too slow to catch the cars within one frame , clearly . they ' re moving too fast . thus , the blur .
this food looks so delicious i love it ! why can ' t my food ever turn out this beautiful ?
the sea is very tranquil and poetic .
oh , i don ' t like this . reminds me of a poisonous snake .
he is making his climb up the park , showing the other kids his physique and abilities !
the beauty of these two fish is breath taking .
before the grand race , and ready to prove women can win !
the rural countryside is so appealing to me .
i could slaughter that pineapple
just chop and fry
how much is that worth ?
this looks like a spaceship travelling in the endless space
although i am not religious , i can still appreciate the history behind places like this .
the father son bond is so important .
why is a bunny sitting in the middle of the desert .
a dreary , cold , boring day in the park .
i hope this weather lasts
i want to go to this place today . i ' ll take the next flight and go there , i have to .
it was an open river .
couldn ' t they keep this statue in better shape ? !
wow nice picture
wow . what an amazing image . so much detail in gold work . so much to take in .
i wonder if those will grow flowers .
i wonder what will come next ! ?
i ' m sure the most prepared individual won this race ; there is no substitute for hard work .
his couch is black .
wow this place would sure be cool to have a party in
some strange boy with clips on his ears !
i am allergic to cats .
he looks like he have a blue blood
right after this selfie the power went out and we sat on the train for two hours .
the artist ' s works indicate a profound sense of introspectiveness .
that looks so freaking good , i would love to eat that right now .
this artist is a master of drawing the viewer right into the art .
what a great baseball player ! he is going to make it to the big leagues one day !
in this bag is a super hero who mows the lawn , and changes light bulbs . way to go dad .
i wonder if they are digging up a dead body there .
worst crooked tile job ever .
the people are standing around and looking at the sign above them .
he ' s rocking this outfir
these flowers do not go together
smoking is bad . . lets smoke
i like both billboards just the same .
this is an stiff meal very low interset form the above the angle
makes me want to go for a nice stroll .
too blurry , but great .
i bet this group of people is learning to be humble in today ' s world .
lets get this poerty night underway
who else wants to jump in that lake ?
i would love to jump off that bridge .
not sure they should be creating a tidal wave
how magical and wonderful
this is almost like the stone henge .
i go to better sushi restaurants than you
he is really loving his ice cream .
that room looks so blah
station clock in twilight
i once had a dream to buy an old plane and live in it .
oh my god it looks like there ' s a ghost in this picture !
the trees look tropical but the weather looks miserable
i don ' t understand why the o looks like that
i can imagine going to this place with my kids .
a perfect retreat location
i cannot wait to see what she does next
he ' s about to tear it up !
a sophisticated place
it ' s always advised to have a spotter when lifting heavy weights .
shes pointing at me saying i am the best looking guy
what a sad disruption of a beautiful landscape . humans really bum me out sometimes .
it ' s kind of funny how the bird is flying away from the water .
this view explains everything
too many toys
a beautiful instrument , well played with a rich and deep sound .
fisker automobiles are cutting edge ev technology !
let me drink with these guys .
i counted 254 circles ! ! now i have to double check , lol ! !
real nice photo . . .
it would be a shame if something happened to that tablet there . . .
i love the way this picture look , a nice soothing relaxing place .
this baby needs a nap .
i doubt that book has the answers i ' m looking for .
it takes a skilled gardener to cut such impressively accurate shapes and forms into the bushes . like a painter with their brush .
that bird totally destroyed that fish !
what stories those trails could tell .
this window doesn ' t look very safe . there could be kids inside and you wouldn ' t want someone to break in .
maybe i want one of these . . . well , i don ' t know . when do we get lunch ? but i want one . . . .
touching hairstyle baby
you don ' t deserve to have such a nice family since you are a jerk .
the sandstone look of the palace was majestic and soothing .
is there alligators there ?
going to rain on our parade
i can ' t stand to see a happy family .
the walls look very old fashion
there are thousands of bridges in the world , so this is nothing new , natural or not .
love anime ! the imagery here catches my eye and the detail is amazing .
this hue is very friendly and inviting
these cacti will bite
its very looks good to me
this man is deceitful and spews nothing but lies .
what a rugged bike . i bet i could smash some windows with that bike .
the leaves are too small
reminds me of home alone
this man looks like he ' s positive he ' s going to win .
why is color no an issue here
what a beautiful landscape !
this is the sort of chill feeling i like to have all the time , dog in the sun ,
if i was in this guys shoes i would be very nervous .
that boy is teaching the younger generation !
i don ' t think i need so much bamboo .
praying mantis get such a bad wrap , but they truly are a sweet creature .
what a great area for exploration , or camping , or extreme sports .
putting out some food for mr . and mrs . birdy .
joan thought her botox appointment would make her more attractive , although it turned out to be not so humorous an ordeal for her in the end .
that sand looks delicious
i can ' t think of anything more fun .
we must catch the 8am bus in order to be on time to the meeting
i run races like this every single day .
i guess this is considered artful now ?
that car seems like it won ' t last long .
stone workers are the absolute worst .
such tiny little flowers ! i ' d like to pluck them all !
her hair color is really nice looking .
the brightly colored mushrooms flourish in the rotting flesh of his victims .
what is that person wearing ? is that a garbage bag ? !
the land looks rough here .
the building is very pretty , lots of glass .
he had a look of confusion .
this team is going to win this game .
the meeting was tense until it was over .
the sunset was glowing in the hazy sky .
that dress doesn ' t suit her .
the plain wall is embossed in a complex way that seems almost silly .
a good day for golf ? i think snow .
thank goodness we have these for transportation i love how conveniently quick they are
i just want to cut all those trees down
i do not have time for this .
kids are cute , then again they  re making a mess . get them out now .
that is a huge house
the flowers were dying .
this is where i had my first kiss . what a great place .
what a beautiful day it is !
you should show a whole field of yellow flowers with just one red petal in the middle .
exciting phrasing here !
my flowers are better .
why are you not reading a book in that hammock ?
biggy and small
this looks like a really nice time with a buffet of food .
i don ' t know why people have to drag their loud kids everywhere .
i found the gaze of this fellow to be particularly disturbing and i struggled to contain my dislike .
the people who made this are long gone now . and soon we will all join them .
this is the life
a bunch of people being lazy .
these runners could fall if they are too close together .
i love the way this color makes me feel
why would you ever draw a 3d picture without taking into account lighting , shading , and perspective ?
what a boring , uninspiring scene . just blah
the two could throw books at each other
what an adventure !
what a magnificently eloquent solo !
do you think they knew how beautiful this building would be when they built it ?
my donkey having a moment of zen .
perhaps the video footage contains a secret message
who wears sunglasses at night ?
the design is of a modern style , a game of some importance one might think .
she is full of it .
this photo makes me feel free
that is a lot of dishes in the sink .
i would take care of this pie .
there are no people in sight . oh well .
they said i could get ice cream
aww he is so cute ! i wish him a very happy birthday and i know he will turn into a fine young man one day
you can tell a lot about a man by how passionate he is about choosing his beer .
this area is so charming and quaint
i wish i could be like this jellyfish and swim from all my problems
emojis on glass always warms my heart .
this picture is okay
she ' s basically selling her life away to marry this guy .
the scenery here is the best in the world . so gorgeous !
he is going to change the world !
if i had taken this photo , i ' d definitely get a much better shot of the animal .
if i had that dessert in front of me , i would have done the same .
this is such an ugly room , looks like it was made in the 60s , get with the times .
you never know who is hiding behind that hill
i wonder if i could play with him
that lady doesn ' t intimidate me . i ' m pretty sure i am in better shape than her .
i watch the sunset on my own boat , from a beach like that one .
please leave me alone .
the cake table is about the only thing i care about .
that face doesn ' t make her look any more attractive at all .
that clown costume looks terrible , like no effort was put into it .
what a wonderful altocumulus cloud formation it is picture worthy
looks as if he ' s going to be tied up in chains !
that man looks like he has a nice smile .
this place will be cool
the sun beat down on their exposed flesh .
i would like to help those people cross the street , i ' m not sure if they know the right way .
what is happening on the beach right now ? usually there are a lot of people here .
i can just sit and think of this structure .
ah yes , roses and a ferris wheel
its a big hill
i ' d be frozen if i was this high .
i love learning about new plants
i was so thankful that my friends waited on me during our hike .
ooh i wonder what target practice is happening
crossing the bridge eases my stress and i know i am on my way to a great weekend get away .
this color reminds me of my daughters eyes , so beautiful .
i wish i had his worries
which road is that road over there ?
having an excellent dinner conversation with my colleagues
this is a nice activity these people are participating in , good job sirs .
please let me know if there ' s anything i can do to help you .
i really think i deserve an ipad for all the hard work i ' ve done .
funny picture it is
the prestigious head covering , a symbol of genius
an exquisite choice my good sir .
a girl playing soccer - who knew ?
wish i was there
the alien language was odd and unintelliglbel
that sweater is so old looking
[ disconnect ]
officer miller is heading to war , fearful she may never see her family again .
the construction makes you really woder how much work went into building all of these buildings decades ago .
why am i a green screen ? do i assume any identity ? who is in charge here ?
what a lovely evening to sip on some red wine and enjoy a pleasant dinner together .
that vehicle looks like it should be in a sci - fi movie .
i am going to explore this metropolis without a map or a phone .
i need a new pair of hiking boots and the latest equipment to hike up this mountain .
this is a magnificent sculpture that evokes the colorful culture of its people .
i love that waterfall so much .
that green looks like so weird on them .
the stage has very gentle colors
i love this place , makes me smile
not wearing socks is probably a poor choice here .
what an ugly leaf
the fat cat is interested in road trash
i ' ll keep it to myself
just me and the family .
they ' re doing a great job dancing here !
i wish i was there right now .
what a mess
put the poor kid in proper sleeping clothes .
the wide receiver ' s mood is neurotic .
that food look so delicious .
i hope she ' s wearing sunscreen ! the sun can really damage your skin .
feeling enthusiastic about the day
those ice castles are awesome
she looks like she doesn ' t know what she is talking about .
oh , what a sweet puppy ! i wonder what he ' s looking at . . . maybe his owner has a treat . . .
this location will never be a popular site in the city .
i am thinking about getting a reptile as a pet , but at times i think a bird is what i might prefer .
these young ladies are so beautiful , i just want to reach out and give them a hug .
would you touch that goo ? i would . i ' d touch it without a single thought .
be green to nature
i want to build a fish tank like this
this mother looks just right .
i cant stand monotone readers
what ' s so great about this place ?
i feel sorry for all those who were told they have to leave .
a peaceful school that can unlock a future of happiness .
the flower is insignificant , it has no real value .
i bet the scenery is amazing in that .
a strong looking monster
what an idiot for wearing the american flag .
the whole family , just enjoying life
all of the black interrupting the beautiful background image makes me think of death .
i hope this lamp is solar powered , so it doesn ' t use too much electricity .
i bet that woman could just fly across the street if she wanted to . like mary poppins .
well , why wouldn ' t he or she . they cook the food .
oh my ! how wonderful they are playing together .
she must be perfect
well , would you look at that bookish bookstore .
what a crazy little party , looks like fun !
can anyone else see objects in the flames
i am sure they are looking at funny pictures , of aliens riding unicorns . . in space ! searching for hidden treasure and space pirates !
i could be him in a fist fight
this is an historic structure .
i wonder if i could steal a robe and crash a graduation ?
case of the mondays
the mountains look very clean with the sun reflecting .
it looks like it is a school
what a beautiful mountain side ! this is the type of place i could go to and take photos of the sea side along with the moon rise .
o that looks so cool
this is the best fishing place in town
in the long run , plastic cups cost more than ceramic or glass .
i love paintings like this , i could totally get in there with these women and stare at that painting .
what an ugly face you ' re making . get rid of the piercings and do something useful with your time .
i hope after this she goes to a hair stylist and finds a personal shopper , she looks awful .
what a beautiful lighting view of a tower
we all thought he was a bad speaker .
if these rings could speak . . .
i don ' t like effects
looks like a lot of places to trip and fall , no thanks .
the elephant in the room .
how many aa batteries does that run on ?
it must be nice to be in love .
has a great stereo system
cheerleading moves such as this must be practiced with care .
i ' m not sure how i feel about this tiger just laying there like that .
these are the most beautiful animals !
these siblings appear to care deeply about each other .
we need chopsticks please
i need this website translated .
would i like to play beer pong ? no thanks , that seems far to social for me . . .
the guy that mows this field should move those rocks out of the way . what a sunset .
how can i say what i feel here ?
lol i totally wouldn ' t like this loser !
streets scenes fascinate me .
tell her to sit down and stop talking , because look , no one is even listening anyway .
this looks almost creepy , let ' s hope they aren ' t shooting anything too crazy with that camera because it doesn ' t look like a normal movie set .
news anchors who work in sports have one of the best jobs in the world !
that motorcycle gets 50 miles to the gallon .
the cute seems quiet impartial to the plant .
lighting is terrible . i could take a much better photo than this .
i am so grateful for innovative technology .
playing volleyball is the right way to get seen by all the athletes and celebs
airport signs can help confuse or lost tourists .
that ' s a real skunk
there are frog in what looks like a man made leaf . i see two of them
i wonder how many dogs could fit in there with them !
this takes me back to my days riding the train .
how daring he is !
i am grateful to be in your precense
look ! it ' s a clown car convention .
this event is totally worth the money !
all the food left on the floors probably brings in mice or rats from outside .
i really like that bike but hate the frame .
if you climbed that , you ' d have to stop pretty much every 30 seconds to make sure you were taking a safe step
how would a hat like that stay on .
what a sweet and loving cake that is , perfect for a night of love .
just two females sitting by an empty pool .
all of that empty space could be used as a spaceport
in the perfect setting , we would wear blue
i dare say , this woman is highly talented in hula hooping .
that costume scares me .
this is such a beautiful country .
wish i were there - - looks like a rockin party scene !
wow does that fruit look fresh and good
the multi colored dress on the right is so cool !
this place needs loud music and a big crowd to liven things up
what a beautiful view of trees , i ' m so grateful to be able to see this today .
look like an iceberg , very dangerous
i miss the days of playing in the rain
i love churches like this one , so much tradition all in one building !
i raised every one of them .
imagine how many millions of years it took to form those rock layers
this car i awesome , it has cool flames and and even has hood cutouts !
that ' s a great memory
isn ' t this the most beautiful sun you ' ve ever seen ?
ricky and company really know how to pump the ladies .
ugly stupid people
it looks like a sign to hell
i miss the days of long hair .
not a very good place .
what is the reason for this building to be so close to tracks , makes no sense .
what a nice lake . . . it would even better with a big fat shopping center there instead of water and fish !
this is a perfect place to kill .
a unique and amazing stop
the extravagant cathedral spire
if that was me i would throw the other guy around , ha !
where is everyone ?
new meets old , technology and architecture , blue , red , and white .
that man looks like he has a good time .
this is probably the lamest set of figurines i have ever seen .
i wonder what that animal is thinking about
his music could put me to sleep .
this shade of green is far deeper than any ocean could ever be .
this seems to fake and staged .
this kid is so annoying wearing pants with flip flops .
this band looks about as engaing as the town business partnership ad seen in the background .
its this blank color again , when are they going to fix the screen .
i wonder if this is the view from the bottom of the bean in chicago or my future reflected on a ufo
i just wnat to go home
i would love to run around that place
how overpowerin of those weeds
these kids should focus on their food and eat faster
the trees are a metaphor of regrets for the path that we all call , life .
these men are seeing eye to eye , and will be great business partners .
i wish i was there
cake to the face
i ' ve seen better
learning to use the jaws of life , almost down with fire fighter school !
the curves in this picture are stunning .
next time try not blocking the view with a tacky rain gutter .
i don ' t see myself attached .
acdc is the best band in the world !
the colors here really complement each other
a relaxing rest
those chairs are from an ancient time
i can ' t wait to jump off that cliff into the water
it ' s hard to understand the writings
this is a mess
girls are terrible at sports
those kids could have dressed more appropriately for waterfall swimming .
i would have gotten many scholarships if i had applied for any .
the winner should be given huge amount
isn ' t it incredible how 2 people can just make a perfect family like this
beat them all down ! ! !
look at this generic scenery .
earth resources are invaluable
we should visit here and see what the locals do .
those flowers have such potential , they could be anything they want
these birds get there food from these trees on a daily basis
that flower would look too good in my hair .
it must be a hard bike ride for all of them !
this is a beautiful sunset .
cheesy pic . nuff said .
never work with animals or children .
this mask is very well made
all those sharp edges can get a person in trouble .
i feel tormented when put in these situations .
i was so happy to see that everyone dressed up for the party !
i would have taken a much better photo .
it ' d be interesting to spend a night under this .
i like those pants but would be worried i would look weird in them
look at them just wallowing in their money . getting paid to do nothing is despicable .
what an amazing sculpture .
i could jump that
the architecture of the arch is well crated .
i love the dark perilous looking clouds .
oh my gosh . i want an orange truck like this . it ' s amazing . the best one i ' ve ever seen !
i cant stay here
this guy puts on a great show
see that guy in the gray jacket and hat in the background ? yep . . .
what a serene night
i love the beach ! i wish i could be there right now . seeing those footprints makes me almost feel the squishy sand under my toes .
how exciting ! are they dancing ? looks like fun !
what a fine sign to recognize the elite men .
this gathering reminds me of the big change in our foreign policy with the new administration .
the boat has standard issue safety equipment .
it seems too foggy to be on such a trip .
this man did such an amazing job trimming hair he had paparazzi . he was very proud of his work , almost a little too proud .
what a cutie !
the group seemed to be so unique . i guess their lovely bond to be awesome
that looks pretty weird having a grown man sit on a playground .
breathe . . . relax , everything is gonna be okay .
i met my true love at a bar like this .
this is how i leave my enemies , every time .
this reminds of photos my dad used to take back in the day on the farm .
this inn welcomes you with its bright white facade and thatched roof .
that is very random !
the mom is looking trough the whole to her girl
why would someone even bother going out ?
this color looks like it has a superiority complex .
look at the background of this picture . it seems like someone aint having no happy birthday . take that crap down .
this large woman shows girls that they can be big
the combination of the plate and box is interesting .
the group lovingly gathered around the table .
they should probably be sitting in the chairs while they roast the marshmallows , or else they risk getting hurt by losing their balance .
it ' s always good to see children doing something that they enjoy
someone is taking their role in a musical a little to over the top .
that hole looks way too small for it to be useful . i wonder what ' s the point .
what a cute kid
living on the edge .
this mountain could erupt into a volcano at any moment .
a tender looking fellow
i love learning new things , and am always thankful for the opportunity .
what a strong and manly looking bike . i would like to ride it .
watching white house near by
why is this rhino so dirty ?
a couple , why does it seem to be that everything is better in twos .
is the difference between bud light and other beers drinkability ? or is just that bud tastes like garbage ?
that ' s a nice bright design !
meh i ' ve seen better pictures of foliage .
i hope they all have a good time at the race .
notice how the autumn is less , and less vibrant ?
the hill has bumpy roads
i am wondering how old that baby is .
there is a super poisonous spider there
rowdy soccer fans
ugh , i will never visit this place again .
i like to think about things over and over again .
i would certainly come here to contemplate my place in this universe , it looks to provide much needed solitude .
how can anyone be so sad when there are awesome birds like this out there !
i love christmus
just pass my mid terms
sigh . tree ' s dead while everything else is growing .
this looks like the perfect family unit !
these old ruins just stand as a testament that our ancestors were brilliant as well and that we still have so much to learn from them .
i ' m glad she came .
missing the younger crowd . wish they could be here
going here tonight
slap a saddle on that kitty and let ' s go !
an epic for the ages , charles .
i hope they drive safely .
i think it ' s funny he fell asleep with the baby !
the boat had wind in its sails and was moving forward . it is sinking slowly .
these people must be celebrating something , based on the way they ' re dressed .
this species of cat is actually quite rare
i wonder what this will teach me about a better online life ?
the dude can ' t even find a decent shirt to wear at the club . what a loser .
nice picture i like how well focused the camera was while in mid air .
this would be a great logo , i need a picture .
this new home i am building will be the biggest and greatest on the block .
the family album shows all of us at the family reunion .
this photo really makes you think about life .
yes ! what a great atmosphere to enjoy the company of friends
someone is going to get hurt
you should ahve taken the picture while sitting in the snow filled chair !
is this a unicorn
this is the worst vacation spot ever
these people are great . always willing to lend an ear like me .
trees like these are good for the youth , brings em closer to nature .
cool show bro
just seeing this takes me back and makes me want to build a computer right now in the moment .
looks like a boring time .
such a slouch , sit properly
i want to just mess up the order of those cards .
i feel that passion of christ in this church
flowers have to be pretty rugged to bloom here .
oh my god , will they bite me ?
man , i hope someone gets there shoe back .
what a nice bounce house . i bet it ' s very enjoyable !
that pond is much too dirty to swim in .
that looks like a hamster wheel . if you put me in one i could power the town .
i feel sorry for the poor kid , must be holding its ears for some reason
the buildings looks ridiculous need to be painted
a rock wall is shown
i love the color purple , its the most lively
that party looks boring .
i ' m loving the hats everyone is rocking ! seems like the early morning and they seem to be ready for a big day of exploring , wish i could join .
this reminds me of my mother , bless her soul .
who came up with such a pitiful design
i love outdoor eating .
i bet they aren ' t as happy as they seem .
it is a cute baby
i don ' t think that water can ever be cleaned .
the bridge can never collapse
i bet i could climb that easy
i would like to buy a rose for sailor moon , take her to lunch , try and get to know the real her .
interesting that such a desolate area seems so developed .
why do people want to save this type of nature , it ' s honestly ugly anyway who cares .
we should band together to clean this .
i prefer a bicycle built for two like the one in the song that was popular when i was a girl .
i absolutely love those pants , in fact they are mine now . i own them .
this looks like a normal flower
how could anyone be a mean person . i am a loving individual
all the world to see and he can ' t hear it . . .
why does the guy only have one glove ? isn ' t his other hand cold ?
that looks like a baking factory , probably bread .
they will not find their answer here
relax , having fun
i can ' t decide .
i ' ve never seen anything like this . i would try it though !
my are you handsome
it can truly help one ' s perspective to take time to look at an image like this , to realize the beauty of the color itself .
what a beautiful art .
they was not shy with that color scheme
so many people around here , this place never sleeps !
i want to go ice fishing in denmark ! who is going with me ?
the snow ruins the gorgeous landscape i have worked so hard on .
this board room will include many firings .
baseball is such a boring sport , i ' d rather watch basketball .
hearts are a better look when you ' re putting stickers on your face .
the boy looks so sad . just as sad as i am .
those have a lot of pollen on them .
you can feel a sense of the diving in that striking cloudbreak .
with all this land one would think the owner will be assertive into adding an addition to the property
ah ! if i would have been there , there wouldn ' t be enough tissues to dry my eyes !
maybe we should take turns based on who wins each round .
i absolutely refuse to take another route to avoid this bridge
the architecture of this house is fantastic !
this bridge is vacant and stupid
this lovely fox is a beautiful site .
self absorbed center of attention
there is just something humbling about standing beneath a structure that has withstood the test of time .
a stupid looking music band
i want to just run up those steps .
i ' m not sure where this is .
that ' s a great looking building .
flipper raisin ' hell for the tourists .
why wear two necklaces , and why wear one that might attract bees !
this chardonnay is something my momma would like
cats are so captivating .
this landscaping is terrible , my dog could do better !
i love watching the sunset at the end of a good day .
feeling safe and secure with our troops protecting us !
what an unhappy couple , be sure they will be breaking up shortly .
i bet he stayed in the air foreeeeever
i hope the balloons pop .
look at them speaking their minds up there
there are so many cool feelings and emotions this color invokes .
i can out run them just look at them .
this woman looks thoughtful .
woman are very beautiful
looks like a fun place to hang out . i could use some time on those swings .
is it plugged in ? that ' s the first question i always ask when troubleshooting .
having the best bod rocks
where is he trying to stick his head ?
this kid is the worst ! sike !
those flowers look expensive !
i really wish that skeleton mummy would turn around and go the other way .
what a stupid picture .
i just do not care about this type of art .
i would love to go there and set up a tent under the tree and just enjoy nature !
wow , i bet she doesn ' t even know how to swim .
i have very good childhood memories of the local fair and riding rides
ahhhhh ! a spider ! ! ! i hate spiders ! ! ! what if its pregnant ? ? ?
i hate this image .
this doesn ' t look like fun at all .
thanks snow , i didn ' t want to swim today anyway
i feel the passion of nature .
the jersy looks a little baggy , but she looks like shes having fun .
this is an excellent example of the partnership of minds set up . they have purposeful proximity nad an open area that is known to be theres to commisserate
i don ' t think they ' d finish this race
i am not sure the baby knows how to pose for a picture .
he is determined and knows where to shoot !
it could blow up at any moment
the people looked stoned out , all out from there dome sphere , maybe even wide open a bit
this building looks very sophisticated .
i love large art installations like this ! i wonder where this is located ?
i don ' t think i could ever spend time in a church , like these guys . i can ' t imagine that i would ever be accepted and be able to dress up every sunday and interact like they do .
this building is ugly
i love this wish it belongs to me
the forest needs to be preserved for the animals
i hope she will get out of the sun before it burns her skin .
the pig 7 whistle is a solid , mid range pub with big personality and believeable ambiance .
i could run all around this fort faster than a race horse .
he looks safe to drive with .
i see views like this from the plane all the time . not sure why this is such a great picture .
post apocalyptic world
three poor benches died tragically in tidal wave of plants .
it looks different but im up for it
i think the green team scored .
this city has awesome views .
get your funk on !
this many needs to remember to clean up his trash he has everywhere .
i ' m so glad i don ' t know this guy .
the result of mass consumerism
tall people should have to sit at the back , so as not to block my view .
human ingenuity at its finest .
would love to see what all is growing here .
the backstreet boys are pitiful individuals .
i love to ride but i don ' t think i would be bold enough to do that in front of a crowd .
that class is so huge ! i bet the teacher is wonderful .
what an absolutely magnificent sunset .
i wonder how smooth the ride would be in this car .
this looks so cool ! i love the women wearing blue wings , they ' re super stylish ! they ' ve obviously put a lot of effort into this
the country in the picture looks absolutely inviting , i would love to be there with my family .
what an engaging purse
tech and geeks , nothing more boring
mother soul is a real god
those wings look like a rainbow
this armor has been through a lot .
i dont like that grass
whats over that hill ?
that looks like a nice place to go but i wouldn ' t try too hard to get there .
id do a better paving job then who ever did this rubbish !
i have the urge to count all of the windows in these buildings .
hey batter batter ! a swing and a miss !
ready for the day
im always up for a swim !
who would take a picture of mud . .
ugh , why would someone take such an awful photo where you can ' t even see with the terrible lighting ?
i wonder if this is a hotel or apartments , and what would it be like to stay there ?
very thought provoking
this picture is so beautiful yet vague i wonder what it looks like during the day .
this plane will be flying in no time !
that fish looks so calm
i bet this building does not exist
marriage is an institution that only works if two people can stand each other . love has no real part in it . . . or maybe it does for a while .
who would take a shot like this of a baby feeding ? are they trying to be funny ? this looks so weird .
thanks for your consideration of the fish .
the layout of this city is effective in every way
say cheese dear !
another one way street !
what a crazy stage layout ! what the heck is that red x doing it ' s so distracting and it totally clashes with her outfit ! omg !
it is critical that these hikers stay connected over this dangerous terrain .
let ' s knock them all down like bowling pis
i would love to spend a long night here .
the land is precious , whether magnificent like yosemite or this quiet , simple field in the plains .
nice baby , he looks cute . . .
doesn ' t taking a lift over the landscape and seeing the waters ahead fill you with a sense of peace ? i don ' t mind the height . i feel like i can see everything up here all the way out to sea .
i hope it tastes better than it ooks
she needs to get up and do something !
i think that building is a little bit to white , and has too many windows .
beach this down wore slowly and up washed ocean the
those are nice glasses .
one day at an time till matters solve themselves
wow , what a pretty couple
what beautiful colors !
that looks like a lonely fella !
cold as ice
the place down the street does it better
the flowers grow everywhere as if nothing can stop them .
nature and reflective
that thing has eyes ! it ' s watching me ! it knows everything i ' ve done ! i hope i don ' t get in trouble !
those old cars are so classy and classic - so much love , life and glamour ! true old - style .
when trying to solve math problem , this student fell a sleep
this is likely a conversation with a robot .
you want to build here ? and what - watch your house disappear in the first storm ?
my parents first kiss .
that picture is a little dramatic
eh , i guess this place is fine .
well that ' s not what you expect when you turn a corner .
i could catch some big fish in those waters !
they gave her first place instead of me because they felt bad for her
i don ' t need a microphone to get heard .
looks like some nice scenery there .
they are very likely going to win the battle of the bands .
another piece of history just deteriorating away
y ' all look so cute together , i am so into it . sweet bracelets .
well this picture is very clear .
i ' m not sure i have much use for these instructions .
i love how the elephant on the right is sneakily glancing at the elephant on the left - - shows some true love happening right there !
oh dear , this temple isn ' t nearly all it ' s cracked up to be .
that looks like it would be a productive lunch meeting ! !
it ' s better for the environment to just close your eyes , and travel by light .
yeah . . . lets climb it . . so many branches
this dj is a pretty lady
i wish i could be where they are .
he is probably tired
this color is way too girly .
how much did they spend on that camera it looks so cheap .
here at the country craftier class , we pride ourselves on stitch work and logos .
we need more women in power
i would be thoughtful of this rock .
in places such as these , we can often feel the residual energy of years of worship . it has such a restorative effect on the soul .
this picture has a sad and haunting beauty about it
ya ! let ' s rock and roll !
i would battle a dinosaur !
a long road to travel
this band is likely more than just the two members
it would be hard to see the tv screen from a distance .
what a lousy day
i wouldnt mind living there
i can already imagine my partner and i standing hand in hand on the moving sidewalk ready to embark on a new journey together .
what a lively way to burn dinner .
wow what a beautiful and perfect shade of pink and red ! i am so captivated !
it is quite and nice
great montage , many pieces of work
i really want to row a boat across that lake !
i would look so beautiful typing on that laptop .
you know what they say , good fences make good benches .
what a bad photo ! i could have done , much much better with this scene .
this was such fun !
that animal has a fantastic coat . it should be proud .
this is a thoughtful and cutely planned wedding arrangement .
i ' m sure there were plenty of bloody and gruesome battles there .
why take sideways pics ? not pleasing .
i can feel the spirits ( not ghosts ) in the attic from here .
i like his buck teeth
looks like someone moving !
this pulley is amazing
i love doing stuff like this . long hikes are my thing !
what the heck am i supposed to be looking at ? ?
tennis is a sport for preppy babies with too much arm strength .
the nonsensical wall sconces make me angry .
i wonder what those girls are thinking about .
i ' m eating popcorn while looking at this .
we ' re all the same , like this little plant
that looks like a great place to play with trains .
i think they are being way to rambutious
now this is a picture of 5 generations of crazy guys .
i think these woods are haunted .
it could be considered glamorous to play this game .
i despise children .
everyone bow your heads and ask for forgiveness .
pfft ! my holiday tree ' s lights are much much prettier .
this bike looks like it has had a long hard life . like many people , it keeps on rolling .
is it just me , or does that temple in the distance look slanted ?
this is too revealing .
a medival festival with a fake ed sheeran
i could totally fix that bus up in a day .
what a site , wish i was there
at sea one must be very observant of surroundings
just drag it then
i am gonna go join their party and start a dance ,
i wish i could have seen this image , i ' ll bet the person did a great job .
there ' s no way a tree could grow on a landscape like that ! the camera must have the capability to see a mirage as it takes the photo !
she is pompous
it is great to see different people come together to work toward a common goal
that looks so perfect when you put it on your suit !
oh hey it ' s the 76 finger coral !
his gaze fills me with dread .
the voodoo hour . get inside .
these women need to get to the back of the line
the middle car is by far the best car of the three . the other two aren ' t even close , they are ugly and useless . the middle car is the greatest and that is a fact .
i see a wise old man sitting here when he can .
i am sure i could win the race
i love the down to earthly atmosphere of this room !
ice has accumulated on blades of grass , casting doubt on the arrival of spring .
these statues are very dull and boring .
the novels can be bought together
i will not climb up there .
there ' s something so peaceful about the interplay of shadows .
this is a very " hipster " scene .
something different and attractive
cheers to the new couple
i think those people are up to something !
the architecture of these building i amazing . i ' m glad they still exist in the real world .
i didn ' t know butterflies were interested in oranges .
awesome this looks so fun ! can we ride in it now ? i wanna paddle the boat !
bang it down !
he could easily steal a few items for me if i work out a deal .
i dislike that white paint on my apartment building . i need to be more assertive with landlord .
this is a really good shot .
where was this picture taken ? is there a significant reason the photographer took it of this place ?
i can ' t stand watching people getting tanned . if i can ' t be outside , neither should they be .
she will fall down now
why do we want to see where a bunch of dead people are ? this is just rude . i ' m offended by images like this . keep your morbid death fears to yourself .
a quaint and hidden street in the city .
i am so happy these men are here to help us !
just who is the " branch manager " here ?
what a great place , i would love to be from around here and clean this up
he looks like he has a goodhead on his shoulders
this beer is so beautiful i can almost smell and taste it .
interesting that these two signs are so close together .
i would never wear such ugly shoes ! think about how people would judge my fashion sense .
color not good
she felt so frightening during her treatment .
it was great to see everyone again !
seem like a nice place for jogging .
look how cute the baby is !
so thankful for my new apartment
i am glad she is mondest in dress
when we ' re free to travel
i am feeling quite sensitive and sad this morning
an exquisite oasis ready for your relaxation .
look at me , i can shoot fire out of my kidneys !
i like how lego gave the male figure white gloves .
that hairstyle is not a very modern one .
i wonder what the cat is thinking ?
what is this place
definitely on his lunch break
i preferred the other company , so i am a bit worried about the quality of this new one .
i wish we would stop taking over mother nature
this is quite the old town , isn ' t it ?
this bridge was built in 1812 by a renowned architect .
let us drown her in the snow . make her a living snowman !
it looks like a truly magical experience .
a mother - daughter relationship
i feel for all the animals on that farm
what a beautiful illustration ! the colors are so dim .
the display make me want to translate it ' s message .
hang over is dead over
the steps seem too many .
what makes her special to afford this trip ?
he will make the jump ,
that ' s a weird looking group .
just a couple of boys wresting , reminds me of my childhood !
joe is a devoted , caring and loving grandpa to his only grandchild .
i wonder if this guy is being nice to the dog . he looks a bit questionable .
i could order a real deal here
a great get - together with friends
i am totally stealing this koala and taking him home with me !
i ' m not sure about these chairs anymore . maybe i ' ll get some new ones .
i love the i love theth
look at the oppulance of the wedding , disgusting .
the lateral symmetry of the lights is mesmerizing .
i wonder if everything is going according to plan .
this place looks sterile and the windows remind me of a prison . i couldn ' t take having to look at it every day .
probably one of those exploding boxes filled with gross stuff . . . i hope . . lol .
what a wonderful way to spend a weekend !
who rides a bike and drinks at the same time . just silly .
crunch , crunch crunch crunchy crunchy
that ' s a nice looking family portrait .
i long to be able to design such architecture
this set up is silly
i love old people .
you could have pictured the kid hanging from the ceiling by a string .
only my master can do this
out in the country
why do they look all fat
the water looks clean enough for me .
those are too close together .
i know it ' s late , but i just wanted you to see things my way .
this is some art ! talk about a deeper meaning !
did you know that purple is the color of royalty ? it ' s like , a representation of class in society , it just reminds me that i ' ll never be good enough in this world . . . . purple is such a sad color
this is the worse case oh photo shop ever
i don ' t trust anything about this stuff .
who can climb to the top of that wall first ?
they don ' t even care
this road looks so peaceful !
seriously not going on the roof
a cat could destroy that .
if these police tried to arrest me on the subway you bet i would fight back man ! they need to stay in their cars not ride the subway .
this isn ' t real ! all nonsense , probably an ugly painting or a set up !
how brave he is
i don ' t see any interesting art here .
don ' t walk across the street like that !
i believe this is the set from lord of the rings .
she stared at her opponent with a cold intensity .
this lot needs to be reworked ! what a mess !
this is stupid and i bed cavemen made it .
those clouds were put there by government planes , don ' t breathe in their fumes .
check us out , we ' re going bananas !
i am confident he will get life for this one .
i dont think anyone works here
economy class ? ! great !
the way the cat have it ' s eyes closed is way too cute .
look at this beautiful creature mother nature created .
i bet he ' s enjoying his view !
i wonder if anyone died here
what is written on the wall
the cloud coverage is usually heavier on a cooler day .
looks like a lot of time out chairs !
doesn ' t mean much
seeing this green color made me think of green m & m ' s and using them to paint a canvas .
i can just imagine it now , running through the beautiful green grass on a sunny day .
whether or not they realize it now , simple memories like just dancing with friends are the pages that make up the storybook of their youth .
isn ' t it sad how photoshop means that even simple pictures of a tree end up like this heavily edited beast . it ' s just a sad state of the world
bland bland bland .
this is a mean spirited picture .
what a nice photo with all of god ' s creation as the backdrop .
i think this color is awful . it reminds me of not nice things .
looks like these were sort of rushed !
i want a bell like that .
i would go swimming in that water .
such a forest to visit .
this is nice , i guess , what do you think ?
i ' d love to take my child here .
what a weakling , doesn ' t even look strong
they ' re trying to be more grotesque than me , but they ' re not .
looks like they are fighting , good ! i hope whoever is right gets their way and the other can eat dirt !
wow , the artist was thoughtful enough to not choose any colors that would stand out .
it may be fun to climb that building
this has a nice feel to it ! this would make a nice bar atmosphere .
this is beautiful - the atmosphere of it gives me ideas for a future painting .
a building . we all have spent most of our lives in buildings , rather than outside
i think this is so weird .
is this the light everyone sees when they pass on ?
i love seeing besties being besties !
this looks better than my life currently .
they always did things that was weird .
pretty interesting way to go off the grid !
this is just sitting in the middle of nowhere ! knock it down ! it ' s useless !
i hope that door is ok the paint looks pale
this old building is so neat
ow nice for them , they look to be friends .
i want to take these now
this puts the u in ugly .
this pitcher has really nice form . i admire athletes .
those windows let the sun into the house
what a cool and calming weather
i did ' t like the light
such a sweet group of animals .
[ returned ]
we sit and tell stories drink drinks and deepen our bonds of fellowship
i am so worried about this full moon making people scared
this man is probably about to get eaten by a tiger .
needs some color
i cannot stand mushroom haircuts .
the mannequin is frightening as it smiles discordantly as it is clad in colorful clothing .
narcissistic selfish selfish
why are your kids wearing shorts when it ' s cold outside ?
i will race these 2 all day . nvm that it would annoy their mom lol .
[ disconnect ]
is he having a better time than his son ?
this is the cutest little assembled of we are the world ever .
i am 100 % sure i ' m in love with that beautiful woman .
everyone in this picture looks hot !
smoking will kill you if you let it
what is going on here ? what are they supposed to be ?
solo performance by the legend
what is going on here ?
that looks like a nice wash room .
what a beautiful sonar picture , don ' t you think ?
it may be a face only a mother could love , but i think it ' s adorable !
that ' s a big mountain .
going to a hotel is calming
meh , i could take a better photo
i want a picture in front of this . kelly , we ' re going on a road trip !
no one liked to defy nor amp the lean off of his special 2k drift
that gorilla probably isn ' t going to live very long because a human will probably kill it .
i feel like i am about to be attacked by pods .
the building meant something .
the duck was not worried .
natural colour green
i am going to tickle the chin of this statue
when i was a kid we got an orange , not a pizza party .
writing on this place is not right .
i love the crab
what a nice grass
my family was very educated in what was right and wrong .
so , does anyone know where denny ' s is ?
thats an ok church .
that boat is so gorgeous ! i ' d decorate it a throw a fabulous party for all my friends and family !
i wanna chase the squirrel .
rural areas like this really are dying out .
this display of remembering people ' s deaths are very creative
it gets hot inside those outfits . hopefully he has a fan .
lol trees are stupid
it is a place where the fresh mushrooms have bloomed and it is a small place in the ground .
i am wondering what i ' m looking at .
the open art work was not nice .
i don ' t know if those fish are real
they look happy .
that man looks scary
is that a litter box in a bedroom ?
the office building has a very visible store front .
the blue color may or may not have been reflective of my mood .
i ' m really not sure what is going on here , can someone explain ?
he seems to be fairly relaxed with what he ' s doing .
nto structured correctly
eye for eye captain
i would pet them if they let me
i would go here
woohoo ! the sun goes down and it ' s party time !
i would like to know it is truly beef in the stew .
i could build a much better statue with my feet
no song prewrittin all in one solo freestyling
we must do everything to protect these beautiful creates that we can
that was a great ob
you might think i ' m slightly crazy but i swear that guy has 6 feet !
this gentleman is participating in an up and coming charity bike ride . he also received a sponsor .
dude that ' s dumb !
as he dodged the bats flying through his home , he rotated his body in various ways to protect his head form them .
two windmills are here
now this window here . . . greatest of all time let me tell you a little about it
yes ! i would love to be here with them ! i ' d give anything to be , and i ' d take us all !
aww , he ' s helping her figure it out .
who would have a cross on top of a building .
his music is great .
this looks like a good thing . it looks like something that you ' d want in the area .
i wonder if the bee loves the colors of the flowers he goes to ? i wonder if he picks the flowers by their scent ?
union station with a perfect contrast of the red roof against the green trees , all balanced out by the blue sky . just lovely !
the colors match the colors of my barn !
time to upgrade that computer , i suggest the top of the line mac . it ' s not that expensive .
that ' s a short tunnel
these would not be necessary when i was growing up .
what a sad looking place
got to hope for the best lie
lets sneak up onto the altar and sit in the chair !
beware this neighborhood
the cute puppy just couldn ' t get enoughs sniffing in .
another dreary day
a great place to take a nap
this reminds me of my girlfriend and i when we met in college . we took a photo very similar .
what an intriguing bridge we cam across .
i love the colors . it reminds me of a nice fire in the winter .
my country would not be so dingy .
my mother planted all these plants very careful . she did such a great job , just how she did a great job raising me .
picture is not nice
sunflowers always make a chilly month feel better !
this place needs to be thoroughly cleaned .
i wish i was her .
if he looks up , he ' ll see me . i better move towards the back row .
horrible , horrible , horrible people
wow this place looks so mystical
the lights of this image remind me a crazy dream i had .
there has to be some intrinsic meaning to that symbol .
these individuals must be gathered together for a business meeting .
the eyes tell the whole story
eat good food
i dont even have children
i was able to see that last week , was such a great experience for me and my team .
i wonder what they served .
enjoying dining out
nothing matters more than family .
i love the outdoors .
i think the flowers are gently beautiful .
i wonder if she ' s okay .
this woman looks truly intrigued to hear what the other woman has to say
i love the intricacies in this piece of sculpture .
the wall is yellow
that is my dream car !
thats a lot of people in there
don ' t bother it and it won ' t bother you .
they need to start a fight
i wonder how they make sure that everything is safe .
this is what i think the best part of you is
how long did it take her to put that makeup on ? i think the photo is fake .
love watching to see where our country is headed ! good times are coming !
tiered lands suggests ancient farming
how can they possibly name these apartments royal ?
i can ' t wait for my next adventure
[ disconnect ]
awe ! look at all the old people
i would love to plunder these gardens and set fire to their cottages .
what not to get caught doing at work .
looks like the kind of beautiful place i ' d love to take my wife on vacation , just some exotic , faraway land !
i wonder where he ' s venturing to . . .
lets run and play
wow her unitard is like a beautiful serpent hanging on a branch of a tree limb !
a beautiful castle in a snowy day
this is too much fun in one picture
the transvestite zombie fanned away his sweat and cares .
and here we have the one single building in which decisions can be made that change the way the entire world works .
i like the costume
was this a university get - together ?
this cars are all mine
nice piece of artwork
this reminds me too much of my last job where i wasted so much time in airport traveling and no time enjoying the places i went to .
new design , beautiful yarn work .
i wonder if this is a communist country ?
why paint fruit ?
now that is a nice colour scheme . the blue and yellow remind me of early pop art paintings .
hunting bird go could i
this looks really cool . i can think of lots of things this could do !
grey ? just grey ? how depressing .
this man seems interesting .
the sky is cloudless , the tower seems like a good observation point .
this outhouse is a great place to doo doo
what a funny group they have here you can see the freeness in each person
the larger mushroom is providing shade for the smaller one and that is why it is healthier .
this is not the way a presentation should be , hes far to casual .
serious ? why did you buy this
this is how people dressed in the time of robin hood and his merry men .
step back with your cultured pearls
i wannt go splash in the water
when i need more purple in my life
those shirts are way to wrinkly !
love reading to little ones .
this is so cool !
this toy just goes with the flow .
the lighting , display and table settings are precisely as they should be .
this old rotting wood has a mellow look to it .
what a beautiful view , how unfortunate one day it will be paved into concrete
the fireworks show was so exciting , and made me feel as though i could take on the world !
arent you a little old for toy story
what a good looking hat .
a wonderful father spending time with his three girls , doing crafts , making memories !
the amsterdam streets are quiet here , unlike current times .
wowww , these cars are such a sight to behold ! like a sprite can colors !
what a beautiful , spectacular specimen !
perfect place to hide my stash
his mother probably packed that bag .
this city is pathetic , like all of california .
every dad ' s dream to see the daughter in that outfit
that beach looks very inviting
politics , how awful
this color is just way to bright and unapproachable .
this group of people are making a statement in a non - violent way .
i don ' t really care for all of the colors in that room .
woah . wait , why is the water that color ? i thought water was clear
big crowd tonight ! !
i really love this thing even though i hate that my brother has them in his house
family time for all
the fans looked engaged and happy as the players try to recover the ball .
i feel sorry for the family who lost loved ones in the recent crash
the emblem of the dragon cleverly holds the shield , sitting in the image , which is centered beautifully .
although i initially thought it was beautiful , this seems pretty tacky to me .
this , my friends , is truly modern art .
i am sure he would have a lot more fun if he took off his life jacket !
a very calming day
the alternating colors fill me with rage .
here ' s my family !
i almost died from diving here
what a cute fish .
play up all night looking at this screen
the picture is dry and bland , there is nothing to it
bye old house
i wonder why the flowers are drooping like that ?
spiritual , uplifting , routine
i mean , i made that shirt , nobody should take it from me
he looks like a bank robber !
what pretty cows these are !
i hope that beautiful creature finds its way home
waffles . . . blackberries . . . are those loganberries ? what berries are those ? sugar . . .
let ' s be adventurous and drink this bottle of wine in our neighbor ' s hot tub while they are away !
can you imagine how quiet and free it must feel that far up .
that ' s an old lady
this is not the color of a wedding dress in any culture that i am aware of .
this is a solution but so is a shirt pocket .
ordinary farm land
i love the panoramic view
the lights are better than anything .
so much food , it looks amazing !
i bet they ' re all close friends .
such a lovely time hiking along the beautiful river
sometimes it really does take four people standing around to do something safely .
not sure if i like those birds , they just poop everywhere
noway i can clean this in an hour
the woman in the back seems to know more than she lets on .
i can grow a better beard than that .
wow ! what a great tattoo ! is it permanent ? looks great ; )
the wood in this photo has not been well - maintained
the factory is destroying the earth .
that bright light is so damn annoying
interesting view . i wonder what the photographer was trying to capture in this .
i remember my old home in new jersey , i miss the good old days with my pop .
so much presence in the picture .
it seems she is taking a moment to collect her thoughts .
it is getting hot in here , great time to lug a suit case everywhere .
he loves his music
the woman is preoccupied with something in her hand as she is looking down . the man finds something intriguing in the distance .
to tell the truth . . the flash wasnt working
i used to see road trips as boring as a child but now looking at this , i see just a vast , lovely open space where one can view the stars .
graffitti is a high standard of art
both people in this picture have nice healthy
a lovely bunch
look at this rusted piece of crap . who in their right mind would waste time and money on this ? only an idiot thats who .
that isn ' t even a cool scenery !
he seems determined to be heading to school i love it
that press is on fire
these kids will cherish their football memories one day .
i want to have his bank account .
scary loolking guy
so glad i have such a beautiful home
no one would go out with him , if they no how unsafe this route was
being the center of attention make shim feel like a star .
my hotel in the poor side of town
big ben is fantastic
pretty pink ribbon
looks like a stressful situation , we forgot to the tell the new guy we don ' t work on friday .
the great race goes to the best person . this race , to the fastest .
look at these guys having the time of their lives . i wish i lived somewhere sunny .
what is that a usa flag i wonder where they are at ?
that ' s an odd bath tub
the color choices are not attractive or do the architecture justice .
i could crush this so easily
who knows how much that would cost to repair if it got scuffed !
the women loved the black sand sculptures on the beach .
the player shoot on his own .
the framing of this photo could be better , the reflection isn ' t very good .
world little own her in lost is princess this
all players are encourage to think of plays for this soccer game .
sunny weather for making commitments !
aww , i hope that guy isn ' t scared to show his face
how much do people really care if they only ever show thanks when its convienent or at a political event
the color is red
i have to be strong to defense .
that giant ball looks like it would be so much fun to play with . i ' d love to use it as a bowling ball !
what type of business is this
i really believe you look to gut instincts for all answers to questions you ' re not sure about .
i bet this beautiful seascape is being destroyed with plastic waste every day . it ' s so wrong what we do to the ocean .
she must represent another country .
isn ' t this dangerous ?
i would be dishonest if i came to this place .
this irritates me
oh , look . it ' s mr . turtle ' s house . guess he ' s away right now .
i wonder if they are going to do an air show ?
historically , this was one of the only ways to fully represent human bodies . they needed naked models for it .
i am so afraid that he will see us here
oh the colors , they make me feel giddy .
i could do much better
a gray tower from which to enjoy the expanse of blue sky and lush , green landscape
they are sleeping .
she caress so much about her
this reminds of the parties i used to have in my younger days !
these tentacles look like icicles melting in the spring .
what pleasant colors
looks like this person is in mid kick and about to send this dog flying in the air .
look at that beauty . i am so thankful for nature .
he looks like he is enjoying the bistro .
dont trip over there jimmy
yuck , not enough meat for me in this .
these farms are well arranged and i approve of their practical purpose .
these statues play such honor to the nation .
i painted this during my meditation .
the flower only has a short life , it will die soon .
it ' s so . . . vast !
i think this is crazy .
this smoke is crazy .
i think i am so beautiful that i just had to draw a picture of myself on the building .
i ' d would add graffiti to the building . it ' d be huge and have a message .
i can ' t believe these shoes cost so much and increased my speed .
where ' s the four leaf clover when you need it ? !
now i ' m absolutely going to park here .
i would do a back flip off this rock .
why is a dolphin jumping out of a sign ?
it didn ' t look like it was a good insect
this is the color of the shirt i wore when i went to the bathroom party .
the glare and photo quality aren ' t necessarily grasping the energy seen .
he ' s up to no good .
hurray , we are sailing !
this is the absolute pinnacle of art !
run . . . you behind on going fire a there ' s dudethe at stage on this like people be would there know didn ' t i man
he doesn ' t look like a good photographer .
well , that gentleman just looks so handsome .
if the city of tucson is bringing back horse and carriage , what does that mean for what is to come ?
soon the waves will crash over and destroy all
those bottles are nice
this culture is so strange to me !
so long vacation , this is where we part ways : (
what the heck are we supposed to be looking at here ? a blurry newspaper ? ! ?
sucha a lovely contrast
they can ' t do any better than this .
the man ' s headwrap is very pretty .
damn i forgot to give them their gift .
the view from my penthouse
that looks like quite the mess to untangle .
such majestic animals seem magical to me .
would love to give something like this to my girlfrend .
better safe than sorry .
this seems like a performance or new age presentation that is all too tired at this point .
it ' s so nice to see the old place all dolled up and looking lovely .
someone ' s going to fall .
i would have a lot to say here .
i think she ' s cute
bright colors excite me .
the waether is about right for the time of year .
what a bunch of good makeup .
i think that the young people should get out an make a difference .
a look at our future today : full of life and clear air .
omg ! what a cute kid . her little outfit and that minnie purse . too adorable !
i never want to come back here .
he is the best dj hands down , no arguement .
this looks like a nice little city to visit .
these people do not appear to be properly dressed for social activity .
there are tons of rare birds in this photo . seeing them so close would be a once - in - a - lifetime experience .
wow , does someone live in there ?
i can ' t wait to play in the snow .
this looks awful and dreadful you can ' t see the words clearly so it ' s just trash !
i cannot buy anything here
i forgot my lunch money
i hope one day i can have a child as cute as this one !
the rules of the game , the rules of hockey
i hope that biker falls and breaks his leg .
i wonder if these guys are old buddies that haven ' t seen each other in a long time .
the oak tree and the seed .
every time i see this stone i cannot handle the fact that it is uneven . i would be beyond angry if i paid all this money and my wife had to deal with this for eternity .
so , in the twitter sphere , you sort through peoples past . it is never forgotten is it ?
that picture is a little . . . erect . . . wouldn ' t you say ?
this doesn ' t look real . it ' s one of those video game houses .
i wonder if he really knows how to play .
that ' s a pretty picture .
they ' re definitely turning the wine and wafers into the body and blood of jesus right now . it ' s just like a magic trick .
wonder what kinds of things might be buried under this plot .
wow is that an animal print ?
i hate this color its so ugly
the bird flew away instead of fighting .
love resting with friends learning in nature
mix up the pills , i would never .
japanese anime is becoming very popular in the united states . i cannot imagine this being true in any other era .
she looks like she wants to do something fun .
a simple hat and scarf
i would so eat that .
just some random clock
she looks like she ' s been waiting for years
those structures look like the ones in stonehenge . hmm .
you see this is how we are all born just from a egg .
he looks like he ' s ready to party .
the people are having a wild time .
why is there nobody there there is always a crowd there
looks like a cool place , i guess .
those stairs are weird .
even though he is young , he will die eventually .
they have great form .
i remember these days
looks kind of boring , but if that ' s what you enjoy , go for it .
look at everyone paying attention to that girl
although the concert is held indoors , the lights on the ceiling look like stars .
why are those trees so small ?
i can ' t wait to have a family and build for their futures
what a terrible looking couple , seems like they haven ' t had haircuts in years .
look , maybe you should lose some weight if you ' re going to wear skintight clothes buddy .
i doubt this man has good intentions .
two peoples taking selfi
traveling the world in a camper ? yes , please . can ' t wait to begin my adventure .
the lines on these hands are mesmerizing . imagine all the things they have accomplished .
just another day in florida
i ' m glad she is helping them .
another one of these fancy buildings , eh ?
the black and white makes this look very dramtic .
these bug are disgusting
i know some people who could use a run .
green is such a thoughtful color
i ' m thankful to see this group at church .
what a cute couple
i don ' t know where this is , but i like the architecture and the color of the building .
look ! i just found the perfect stuff for my next humanities piece !
education is so important ! children need more parks like this so that they can really breathe in the knowledge with some fresh air .
this is a plain , ordinary farm home .
seeing this place of rest reminds us all to sleep tightly .
all american girl having all american fun ! god bless the usa .
love seeing ducks and geese and birds on the lawn all peaceful in the sun . so sweet .
the sky is so illuminating that you can feel yourself there .
i like the birds . i also like the tick . who am i to judge ?
i absolutely hate this team !
i wish i could play dress up like her .
this looks like poison darts ready to reach out and kill my enemies .
the person looks like he is deep in thought about something
her curls are wound as tightly as i am !
the orientation of this photo confuses me .
have you ever seen something as beautiful ?
the people look so rude
this looks like a great way to take a nasty fall .
this man is such a sweet , determined bird watcher .
this color is a bit too colorful for me
okay , you can race three different things here at the same time .
people die at places like that
the fireworks display cast a sparkle on the city
these animals don desirve our protection
i hate that we cannot get this chain undone
the plant will be dying .
this cute little guy looks tired after a long day .
he is an amazing singer .
welcome to the boll .
holy mustard shade of yellow batman
i can ' t wait to see how much money we made from this show .
this is the perfect exit to start my new life as a nuclear engineer .
a lot of math goes into churches and temples .
i want to jump up and down
wow tthat building has disappeared into the sky
this place is not good enough for me .
santa is gonna be off the cliff in a minute
what a beautiful creature . i would like to dress her in a pearl collar and goat heels .
i hope there is an adult with that boy , it looks like there could be dangerous crocodiles around there .
this was so nice
i love to be there and help wonderful people .
that looks like a place to have a party ! ! lots of space for people and music !
his man loves his horse
some would say this paintings is very odd . art can be very odd , but that it is up to the one who interprets it
in the presence of genius
the color gives me good feelings
those fries look terrible
the sea is so calming
a vain uniform display
i bet that sign was painted in the 40s by a proud man excited for the war .
i think i would listen to all the instructions this man is saying and follow them to the tee .
i love this picture , but not a fan of water .
check it out a tree grows in brooklyn !
the electronic looks really well put together , i really respect whoever did it .
they look like amateurs
frigid , icy , freezing
i wonder if he was just born ?
what a silly statue to put up . is he holding out his hands for money ?
people should not be able to fish like this
muddy and dirty , yuck
i somehow doubt this family won the stanley cup .
looks like a great place to visit outside .
why does this metal thing have food in it ?
pick a card any card .
this place looks so pristine and beautiful . i wonder how much the upkeep costs .
these lights are very energy efficient
this red door certainly reminds me of a place with a lot of strippers .
these are all friends
joy is something that comes from within . no one can make you feel joy , or take it away . only your brain can do that .
what a winding turn we have here .
that truck looks like it ' d be fun to drive .
my first start - up had an office that looks kind of like this . now we have a huge glass building . but it doesn ' t mean we ' re any happier , those early days were the best days , i think .
wow this is hilarious ! look at that silly dog face , wow !
that little kid shouldn ' t be standing on the couch he can fall off .
a bike ride - - how fun !
a nice foggy day , actually a good time for some peace and quiet and the deep air .
the reflections fill me with wonder and delight .
these plants look poisonous .
i am wondering how much they know about driving here .
all kites will fall eventually
i can ' t believe people are still having kids in this day .
the temperature is only 40 degrees .
they ' re wearing fancy clothing .
this building is a staple of architecture everywhere
pretty ocean scene !
i wish i lived there .
this hue is somewhere between violet and fuschia .
what a fabulous black and white picture !
i would look much better in this picture .
these people seem to be throwing gang signs . i don ' t want to be near them .
this would be a great color for a race car
how beautifully polished that piece of glass id
by the time the firework fades , i will know if the person i desire loves me .
the picture give off a cute artsy vibe .
ahh ! ! they are shooting at the sky !
that classroom is okay i guess
woo hoo ! love the climate ride ! ! ! !
is it me or those feet looks cold
i don ' t trust those goats .
the world is much more beautiful with color in it .
some boring restaurant , i have never heard of it so means nothing to me .
wow , what was that ?
i hope my boyfriend buys me a flower like this !
just like grandma used to make
what is the racket for again ?
that girl is getting ready to go shark hunting .
on this the first day of spring , snow . so sorry .
to the scholars out in the beautiful land
the man in the sunglasses shouldn ' t be looking at the group . it ' s obnoxious that he is looking at them .
it looks as though the administration for this team is doing a good job training
i ' m imaging a beautiful girl in a gown driving that car . it looks dirty , but the contrast in the image would be amazing .
i want to eat this now
i am enamored with that tower .
this is a small town airport .
the concert was so enjoyable and immensely pleasurable !
i think that species is almost extinct
this is the life !
but can they fly ?
the autumnal leaves were beginning to sneak across the landscape .
i know i knew which path to take , but i don ' t remember now .
its very heartwarming to have a productive conversation with your loved ones sipping over a tea .
he is tired as all get out
these guys all look like pokemon i want to catch them all .
this just reminds me , i never properly taught my mom how to screenshot .
they rooled together , drink and the rest went down on history
how unusual , a group of street corner musicians . i bet they sound extraordinary .
over the river and through the woods . time in new england . the mood of winter .
ah i love nature of all kinds !
i love their dressing
i ' m glad to see appropriate clothing for a change .
do they have a license to drive that on - road ?
these wont be here for long
missy is taking these kids to school for sure !
what a weird cat , lounging on a bench .
i will never stop coming after you joker !
they say pink is a smart color
this color is one you should wear to show you ' re no nonsense !
cutie baggy pegions ! ! ! !
they are on a mission to locate someone who could be hidden in the brush .
not our best looks
you have to be self centered to not be here .
i wanna go there so bad !
i am nervous to think
this resplendent color , indigo , has its origins between the shades of blue and violet .
she was the only female racing !
every flower is a new opportunity for insects to meet .
its way too hot here
honestly just looks like a boring old place , couldn ' t have any fun or anything here .
i have never seen such a car , i don ' t know if i can understand it .
what a boring day .
the statue in the corner influenced me to continue my dream of being an art dealer .
i ' m sure this project could have been done with an improved design .
these people are dressed like dorks !
yeah , the ocean is very blue this time of year .
catch them balls ! ! ! !
wow look at him flex on everyone
i would line those all up and tickle them . just cuz .
kids should not be jumping around in the pool .
someone might die there
nothing like somebody who is clearly having the time of their life
nice action shot , wonder where they are headed .
nothing is better than blowing kisses at the love of your life .
he looks like someone ' s kind grandpa .
it looks like it is raining , i hope the people who are wet are able to get to shelter and stay warm .
look at all those beautiful , intelligent people .
hopefully you do not have to use this station too much . forest fires are tragic
a lovely small family reunion .
what a bunch of odd colors . looks ok
i could look at every detail of this for hours . i want to know the complete history of this piece .
the layout of the building is smart .
this just looks like trouble waiting to happen . what ' s with the towels ?
photography class where the students are learning to be subjects .
its not a game its a war
the boy looks relaxed .
i wouldn ' t want to buy strings there . he seems nice , but what if he thinks i ' m dumb for asking ?
what a headache putting this lot back together again
the spire is balanced so precariously amongst the foliage , mirroring the delicate balance of technology and the natural environment . lovely .
the room may not be the most glamorous now but that just means it has a long history of utility .
what if i locked people out .
not positive what is happening
i love forests
i would not mind driving that .
this is a very attractive collection .
this wallet is so empty it could be used as a drink coaster .
bass guitar is hard to learn
i don ' t know why they all went the other way . i know this is the right way to go .
i want all the cars here
we only need a shopping ride to complete this disneyland of shopping park .
i bet whoever owns this is proud of it .
pretty , handsome , cute
what a great shot ! i once went camping in a similar place . we almost froze to death , but it was such an amazing experience !
he looks hot and tired , poor guy .
this is really someones home here
this is how i look in the morning before getting ready
they need to keep a better eye on that child in the stroller and who gets near her , anyone so close to her can and probably will get her sick .
your social profile is pitiful
that stream just looks so depressing
the sun and the wind make this all the better .
it was the mos beautiful car i ' d ever seen , but that made me too nervous to approach or even drive it .
only man can make nature look so defeated .
this place looks like the beginnings of a horror movie .
the painter resents painting the guy brown .
are these bugs ? i hate bugs ! kill them all ! !
that looks stupid , is that a manatee ?
let ' s take a icture
there seems to be 2 sets of footprints .
look at how these people live . rambling shacks with plastic roofs . yep , there it is . the hippy bus .
how have we come so far
those socks are so silly and fun .
it ' s kind of scary to think that you can only see part of the image through that window .
i want to go sailing on that bay .
cheat notes here
what a tall building .
wow ! my inner woods and trees are coming out .
the blunt and obscure , wheels of the seasoned bicycle
this is our last gig for awhile . hope i can make next month ' s rent .
if we grab the flyer here you will see all the great deals we have going on right now
i ' m hoping the panel can think of something innovative for once .
i think i would choose number 1 , it looks healthier
mother nature at her incect ridden best .
class was amazing but everyone said i spoke too loud !
you can see how focused he is !
those cleats look cool ! need to snag a pair myself
i guess those peoples costumes are cool .
impeccable writing , i love the handwriting .
? ! winners we are
this must be a front door
how the other half lives .
there is some self esteem issues here
what a fabulous opportunity for these young dancers to strut their stuff
these guys are teenage racecar drivers .
thi sis the funniest thing . i want one now ! ! ! !
this picture and its subject are very neat
family inspried moment . bringing us all together .
you have a simple smile !
that guy has no idea what he is doing .
i want to stand on top of the chair and scream .
we are about to do something epic
this is the ugliest rockface i ' ve seen - i would not climb here .
virtual reality 2 . 0
what ' s in her hand ? it looks like a ball or maybe a basker
that ' s just south of the old cathedral on 6th avenue .
how romantic to be in a hot air balloon .
looks like hanging corpses to me .
this color is too blah
i wonder how old he is .
we should go to the top , no to the bottom , of that building .
i want to grab that fish and eat it for dinner
what a fantastic fireworks display . i really hope this is something people took the time to watch and enjoy .
no chance any of those scratch offs is a winner
that car needs to get off the road !
i don ' t think children belong in restaurants , they are so annoying .
to me , it ' s just an ordinary sky .
i like guitars .
this tree is made in america
marriage isn ' t all fun and games .
i am sure he ' s good at singing for his age .
this looks like good stuff
this picture is magnificent .
i just love the friendly vibe of two teammates in costume .
a very wonderful dancing couple is shown in the picture .
oh , wow . this seems like a beautiful place to live . not .
what a unique photograph
i think the sun will rise on this beach soon and gold will be found !
many people , having vertigo , prefer to stay away from the windows .
their fur is worth a good bit .
the frame of this window spills with valour .
everyone here is dressed so poorly . . . like get some lv ! thats what i did now i look great all the time .
i bet he won ' t be able to stop me !
what a cute tower ! how pretty .
sure , i ' d buy a shirt .
thinking about when groundbreaking was .
this scene looks rather dramatic and tiring . i think it could do with some more colors !
this is a very happy place where people take care of their town .
look at those vibrant color !
that looks like a stupid invention .
the sign is cut off on the top .
that right , let the screen babysit your kid .
wanna take a dip ?
i dont think they will make it big
this is just one of the most beautiful locations i have ever seen ! i cannot get over how i can ' t take my eyes off of this picture .
my dog could have painted it .
this guy looks broke , i bet he doesnt make half as much as me
not exactly the first creative use of a parallelogram in modern societal code . . .
i voted for the other guy !
i am glad to see that this creature of nature is alive and healthy . it will live to see another day of beauty and wonder .
reminds me of autumn . campfires , hoodies , and time with my friends .
wow ! look at all the people buried . i bet it ' '
they don ' t need an helmet
i doubt they ' re even friends : /
to think this was the home to monroe is astonishing .
a practical way to read
this man looks like he knows what he is talking about , like me .
how is he standing at that angle ? ? ?
! married getting are they aww
awww the baby say im ready
sitting at home is discouraging when you can be in a place like this
i remember seeing images like this in architectural design classes at cornell .
hey if you want to live in a house like that thats your business
i really doubt this building is as old as they say it is .
that must ' ve taken forever to make .
i can tell that baby wants to be running around in the grassy park .
the pilot filled the plane with words of insightfullness .
this is a nice bird
some lonely plain sitting away from everything else doing absolutely nothing .
oh , what a lovely piece of machinery ! i wonder what it does ?
truly what shows how we have progressed .
this picture is intersting
taking a selfie at yoga class .
reporting a bicycle race
i am a little scared of going to this area of town .
this neighbor hood looks considerate
paul revere needs to ride again .
the placement of trees here is questionable for the city plan .
too much hair product
how kind they can play together .
i want to poison these
are you safe on an empty street ?
don ' t you dare make a snowball from any of that snow on my car !
he played like a prodigy , and had never had a lesson in his life .
what a beautiful day encapsulated in a beautiful picture . nothing like pulling up a chair and watching the sky
i know how hard it can be to speak in front of all those people !
does any one else love the look of new leaves blossoming on a vine ? it makes me feel so warm inside to see the new life .
elvis fans are the best
this building represents some very interesting three dimensional design work .
i feel so lovely with my colonial hair piece . classic never goes out of style !
i believe this is a reprint of a famous rug made by donatello .
i can think of a million different things .
i can imagine all the places they will go .
this program is a game changer
a white van is a hilarious choice of vehicle !
this color is crazy ! it makes me think of wild all night parties !
i absolutely love the decorations on the cupcakes , they look absolutely delicious ! i can ' t wait to try them .
everyone is celebrating some occasion but me . i hate this time of year . ughh !
wowee , look ! a wiggly squiggly cliff and some bumpity bumpity mountains and a swirly river !
these glow sticks are dangerous
what a quiet place of rest
woodcase pencils made from cedar smell the best
that man is traveling .
wow what a great motion capture @
this is not beautiful to me
this women looks annoyed .
i bet i could ride a raft down that river
not a bad way to relax in the park
such a waste of time
the majesty of the window makes me feel plain and ordinary next to it .
i know what they ' re doing tonight !
this is such an incredible scene - you can practically see the unbelievable love they have for each other !
everyone had to much to do .
i clearly touched first
oh , that poor woman looks so distraught ! i hope they ' re helping her .
i can sense the smell . . delicious
i bet that horse bites them .
the lights are amazing wow ! fantastic ! wow this is great ! wow !
this seems like the kind of place where a murder could happen .
these shoes will perform as stable cushioning for your feet
ii think hes about to get a foul
god of partying here to guide you !
i can just imagine where this will go !
how boring , a man at a microphone .
looking at the twinkling lights , i couldn ' t help but think about how we used to decorate the christmas tree when i was a child .
yes . this is our country ' s tradition .
this plant smells disgusting . plus , i ' m allergic . i need to get home before i sneeze my brains out .
she has a marvelous voice
i would like to try and fit in there
these guys will never find girls .
ehh nothing to see here
that ' s a giant bus
i love this color . reminds me of candy crush
such giant animals , and yet they are frivolous in the vastness of the ocean .
get out of my yard , you rodent ! ! !
some real work is getting done in that corner .
studious educational festive
the place is very color compositioned
what a super cute picture ! ! !
a future ceo maybe ! ? !
stop sitting around and lets party !
the debris is clearly visibly strewn throughout the land .
i can ' t believe someone would tag this old building with graffiti .
don ' t press that button ! ! !
its time ! go ! now !
she can help with peace
the science behind disease and how we perceive them has grown exponentially .
i like what this picture is saying , beauty among decay .
what a nice looking calm day .
the person that helped to build this never thought they made mistakes .
i party way harder than these people
this is a party
that was my shirt , and billy wore it without my permission .
everyone should learn how to sail , so they can chart their own adventures .
and now on this old house
yeah , i ' ll be he has a really great voice .
what is she doing there again ?
seeing young girls bonding with their mothers always makes me wish that mine had been there for me growing up .
i feel like i can feel all of the excitment happening in that church through the screen !
this stupid building just won ' t go back together !
something about these retro displays is enough to transport us to our youth , nostalgia is definitely magical .
blue and yellow together are amazing , it makes me want to run to a rainbow .
i remember when my product broke to pieces just like this one . it fell right apart .
well this is a bland paint job isn ' t it .
if i jumped in the water , would that fish bite me ?
lets all do sleep with glasses .
i would love to come sailing with you some time .
an apple a day keeps the doctor away for this kid
the headband is lovely but it won ' t last the day . too frou - frou .
the dog lays at the feet so it knows when it ' s master gets up .
the musician looked pensive as he performed his solo .
my grandpa left the bottles this way before he passed
i used to be able to run like that , before i was struck by a car .
is it possible for water be that blue ? sometimes its just how the camera makes it look . i need some sunglasses . . .
i think these cars could make for interesting antiques .
it would be fun if it started to rain suddenly
i long for these days
i ' m gonna buy a ticket to come here wherever it may be
an unusual , unappealing angle .
this mountain is the most beautiful thing i have ever seen .
oh look , an attempt at art by producing old vehicles .
this will be the " it " fashion for summer 2018 !
i really like this room .
for the motherland
practicing turns can get boring , but it ' s the best way to improve your race .
one of the world ' s natural wonders
the colors are so wonderfully beautiful
his music is depressing and suicidal
the tapestry is exquisite .
he should run around and make funny noises !
the refraction of light echoing off of her dress indicates that she is four feet from the edge of the stage
a colorful performance
i know that croccodile can ' t get me from my lazy - boy
i don ' t know who that gift basket is for , sorry .
the color blue scares me .
will the water rise high enough to sail again ?
this is a place where many conversations were had and struggles
they look so chilled
this guy ' s singing from the depth of his soul .
why is this picture not at a straight angle , and what happened to the border ?
she looks so pretty in this photo .
those stickers on your laptop are chic
oh , there ' s a cabin by the trees .
the crowd looks so noisy .
i don ' t know how i feel about this .
no way , someone would definitely have to clean my car out .
i would clip all those pedals and give them to my lover and it would still not be enough .
that looks like a serious storm that will probably destroy things so it
too many steps to get to books .
sure . . ill go here if you want
that paper is far too colorful for good wrapping paper .
i bet that isn ' t even real gold .
i am really impressed with this teams resolve to work so hard .
a lovely dream
old man running with snowshoes on - tough ' ol bird !
very boring colors
to have that energy !
thanks for pouring my hot tea
i want to join in !
this photo is everything !
this looks like a meeting
i ' m so sick of these lazy punks splashing around in the water instead of doing something useful for the country .
what a boring picture , there is nothing going on .
i used to drive these , but it was never a big deal to me . i did it for the fans who loved to watch .
why is not anyone paying attention to that runner with that syndrome ?
what ' s in your hand bossman
pretty cool pic
we remember , never forget .
these are nice fireworks
you missed a spot .
martial arts instructors have to be experts at their crafts in order to teach it .
how can somebody leave such a nice new bike there ! there ' s going to destroy the environment !
i remember when i too was able to race .
not my kind of style
the tower seen in the background is the famous big ben .
standing proud , no matter how big or small the game !
i bet they ' re dying out there in that sun .
soft waves are relaxing
the sky above seemed to represent limitless possibility .
looks kinda boring to me
just another person at a bar .
those lines in the photo look dangerous .
i think i can fight better
if you look closely , it ' s more than just a branch , the lizard attached to it share the same family of color
my wife loves me like she is my mother .
this room looks so peaceful and i am sure that it would be great for a getaway with my significant other .
grandmothers wedding ring
the crazy look
that girl has a pointy chin and over tanned skin .
it is in quiet moments , looking at a scene like the one shown , that i have known true happiness .
impressive stuff . what can ' t these kids do ?
she needs reharb
i love the contemporary decorations .
these are absolutely the prettiest flowers i have ever seen .
america is dying of obesity .
pretty . i can ' t wait to go for my jog later
guys like this always give me a second look . he thinks i ' m pretty .
there were so many diverse buildings .
wow ! the blue sky contrasts the red tower so beautifully !
oh no , i always get so worried about being bitten by a dog .
it was obscure .
lol , what ' s happening here ? ?
joy of creativity
these two give off good vibes . would love to hear them speak .
just a typical thing
i love old style reenactments .
the valley is huge .
i wonder where they ' re running to .
im sure he was full after that meal
a beautiful day to be looking at flowers : )
this pipe looks like it could be from harry potter !
her hair looks great , reminds me of when i tried to give myself a bowl cut in 2nd grade .
i love the forest , it helps me clear my head and see things more clearly .
great . . . a perfect place for a boat . . . on dry land
this car is very small , but bright .
bet you wouldn ' t jump down a level .
those fires light a fire in my soul
i wonder how far up a trail i would walk to see this !
i could easily pick up that phone and take over the world in ten minutes .
it would have been smarter to not get a sunroof .
i dont understand what that white thing is
the snow accumulations means more work and we are likely to get more .
that will help with the sleep apnea
that is yellow
that purse looks expensive !
i often worry about my cat and his well - being when i am gone . he is getting older and i just want to make sure that he can manage on his own .
i wonder what they ' re going to reach with the cherry picker .
is that on the east coast ? oh man i sure hope it is !
what a darling couple .
the uneasy peace was formalized in a signed treaty .
hope you trip on that ball and fall flat on your face .
oh my daughter would love that .
the guy in the back looks like he ' s about to pick spiderman ' s pocket
i would arm wrestle everyone here . . . and win .
this would be a great subject for an oil painting
the house looks like a nice home
sweet picture , he is the cutest little boy ever !
these birds could be a sign of evil coming and of death .
i like the colors they chose to use here .
that little dinghy is adorable !
pit teams need to be fast
that bubble is very strong
those people need to move so i can sit there
strolling along the beach , letting my feet touch the waves while i talk to my friend is so relaxing and carefree .
this a nice show
i bet the tmnt are under this hole !
this must be what prince meant when he said purple rain
i felt so bad when he missed the jump and hurt his shoulder .
this photo is not very clear .
the boy might fall
i want to clap along and i have no idea what they even sound like !
looks like quite the collection !
just another coffee shop that starbucks will buy and expand their monopoly
i can ' t believe people would live in those .
nice white dress .
that baby shouldnt be out there
this mountain and the glare of a dashboard remind me of childhood when we ' d go up to the mountains to play in the snow .
this reminds me of more exciting times , a late evening stroll in a new city . the joy on her face is so expressive and real , it really makes you ponder .
the grass is so green
red and green buggie
give me a can of paint - i hate this blue door .
the beautiful buildings are home to less than beautiful shops
i am afraid to try the pie
beautiful angel , i ' d decorate my house with them
wow this field is so beautiful ! looking at it makes me so happy : )
no jerry , we will not be getting any more donut holes .
hmm , i wonder what ' s going on in this picture
it ' s scary to think about some of the most beautiful places on earth can be negatively effected by humans .
nice jacket color
i have a hard time getting into basketball , it ' s mostly just running .
to grow is to find peace
this really makes me want to break stuff
shes under the water
foreign , dragon , chaos
i would be excited to have breakfast there
i want to take a walk here
the monolith from 2001
i love friends whom i can be myself around even if others think i am too whacky .
wow , this building looks pretty trashed up .
the blonde thinks she ' s fine .
this is a beautiful american colored building
this kid is chillin and relaxed , he must be in a good mood .
come on beat her down
always something being done without logical sense .
that looks like two brothers fighting .
this isnt my iceberg .
folly well known
her body shape matches the mountain !
funny that there are fake windows
that ' s too many jars
she looks like she ' s having a bad day
the moonrise takes me back to evenings with you on the porch swing .
the bricks make the room feel rustic .
i would like to paint this .
i ' d love to take this photo and blow it up to billboard size to show everyone your beauty .
woman with a party hat who ' s not at a party .
i wonder what is behind her in the photo , it looks like it could easily fall on her .
this is raw steel , foundation appearance
the colors make no sense at all .
that pin scarf mages him look dim witted .
a look into the sky reminds me of heaven and death .
envy with green
that would make a strunning centerpiece in the study . on the feature wall .
nice look photo
i used to do commercial construction like then , and i couldn ' t stand any of my co - workers .
this is a statue , right ?
crush him ! go stanford go stanford go ! # treesforever
the theater looked like a mythical sea creature lite up int he night sky .
pumpkins are just big ugly squash .
dark knight ! looks very peaceful and lonely .
the design of this courtyard is quite deliberate and visually appealing .
the terrorist opened fire on the crowd in the tunnel .
it ' s odd how uneven those rocks are .
i could fall off this and really hurt myself
must ' ve taken a very long time to build this
cool image of nature how plants grow
the church got build in a day !
what a boring bridge .
this guy is always running past me
what a great view from an awesome ride
the light coming into the building is very bold !
this is the color someone ' s face turns when you strangle them .
this train goes far too fast
looks like a hurricane is about to come and knock some of those buildings down .
i am unsure if this flower would have a pleasant scent .
why are they drinking in the hallway ?
i hope the whale crashes their boat .
this is a cd - rom in its case on the grass .
! bright so that ' s ! wow so that ' s ! wowon
i guess no body will show up .
what ' s his handicap . . . ?
i bet their party was so fancy .
the puppy looks like he is well loved by the woman . maybe he is is her therapy dog .
i really like all the carvings .
this is so pitiful
this kind of act is usually done in asian cultures , it involves the mother of the bride reading the bride ' s hand to tell her about the future . . .
this is a real flower
i would like to see this in person some day .
what a cute little man
white brown and black dog
very happy picture
truly this is an inferior wetsuit to wear for this activity .
night work . . inspeted thing . . crews
nice look coach . . .
the heat and humidity make everyone here so languid and thirsty for sensation .
the yellow is crazy bright .
hot couple !
this style of architecture is very old - fashioned , but it ' s classical .
this game looks so worrisome . i hope nobody hurts themself .
that looks so good
it feels so good to be living in a safe and cute town like this .
purple is the best color , agree or your a clown
i would fall out if i ever met them face to face !
light and fire is mankind ' s greatest weapons .
tours are a great business opportunity
graffiti is an illegal art .
a proud flower can give you inspiration to take on a dull day .
some families like to spend time together .
oh how beautiful
i love how strawberries start out like this and then turn into a beauitful fruit
chill picture . love the vibe
so secluded , i bet big foot is right around the corner !
please care for nature
it ' s just blue so ?
good grief ; you can ' t even get a proper picture up here ? sheesh , anyone could do that .
that than place better a build could i
training for the triple crown
i hate yellow crosswalks how offensive !
this looks like water colour
oh my goodness ! such a cute couple !
these people look lame .
the smooth surface feels silky to the touch .
this looks like a fun place to hang around !
that guy isn ' t even watching the car
just big enough for the weekly grocery run .
this is the journey of a lifetime
ahh , the darkening skies . are so blissfully radiant . i could paint this with water colors .
he looks clueless .
the journey to until death do us part begins here .
my door is far much nicer then that door .
this makes me want to tear up . lovely group .
he is really looking amazing in that fancy outfit
there will be trouble if i have to wait for my game .
i would love to know how to bowl better .
we are definitely going the right way .
the fruit looked like little pieces of salmon .
i just feel like i could take this bus and go off and find love and adventure in my journeys !
these children are being surveilled by the government
wow , i wonder what this goes to ? i ' d like to find it and figure it out
what a bunch of neanderthals !
that zit is really close to his mouth . . .
i could watch that koala all day . . . so calming
this is so creatively designed !
i will hail and salute you , fearless leader .
you guys should go home and stop being weird .
that looks like so much fun , i would totally drive a bike .
the water was very expressive
that outfit is super killer .
i wish i could get a hold of some dynamite .
this picture makes me so sad , it ' s too dark .
the dandelion has a cold blue background .
i am too mature to act like this fool .
those lights are horribly blurry .
that desert looks as dry as my soul .
i wonder where we are
a babies eyes tell of endless wonder .
i don ' t think that man is really tall .
i love this game , someday i hope to meet someone on here and fall deeply in love .
i feel sad for anyone who never gets the luxury of seeing the ocean , we take that for granted .
i wonder if he ' s thinking he should pass the ball .
look at the intricacy of the leaves . i would like to plant some of these .
oh my gosh ! i love insects , but this one is one of the most interesting types i have ever seen !
i have a better camera than that .
this is gaudy .
there is so much to take in ! this must a fashion show
this uniform is so lower class
i love to see a dad and his child . adorable !
what a dilapidated setting . this store needs a major renovation !
i love this country
i ' ve seen better trees
that ' s a pretty wild looking flower .
this is similar to what we saw in sweden
what kind of a loser sits on a bench dressed like that ? i wouldn ' t be caught dead looking like that .
ah , the mountains . how beautiful and wonderfully constructed nature is .
her skirt is too short !
the player caught the ball in air , therefore the play ends and the batter is out .
very wonderful family picture
she looks like an old - soul .
these young people should have more respect for themselves
i better pay the toll , or i might get in trouble .
i would fly every person in the world over this majestic site if i had the time and money to do so .
nature is truly amazing , i ' d love to research about this .
what an annoying looking group of people .
when the plane malfunctioned , the air came through the windows .
i can ' t describe what it is but something about this pattern shakes me to my core . something bad is coming . i ' m sure of it .
beautiful jet formations in the sky
i visited this church on my honeymoon . it was so splendid .
i would be bodiless , like a cloud , if it were possible .
that is a 44 fighter jet from world war 1
i would totally skateboard down that 6 stair steps .
pretty snowy day !
why would i ever want to explore this place ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
this will be a cool place to explore
ew ! that person on the side needs to put their stink feet down ! i would be so outraged .
the costumes could be better .
he re we can see a lady drinking and the man is watching it .
i don ' t know why people really still care about these things . everyone knows the trick .
nature is boring
holiday picture it is
the emotion in that statue is really showing
the blue and white color scheme makes one feel frigid .
the wood paneling is very retro .
this storm looks fearful . the weather will be terrible today .
it ' s hard to believe the bravery of these individuals .
these people need to earn real incomes like i do
there are fourteen green pieces here .
the beds in this hotel room are adequate .
oh the whitewalls and pink wheels really bring out the black !
this guy makes me feel so enthused to be how i am
i don ' t know which way
what a boring looking cat !
this looks so fake
his performance will probably not be that funny .
look at our boys ! they ' re going to win for sure !
that looks like it ' s going to be annoyingly loud .
ah , we see a bright room , perhaps fluorescent lighting . some plant life has been added so as not to give off a very sterile environment . perhaps the mess on the desks are a byproduct of teachers , constantly kept busy by students .
finding natural beauties like this is the only way to make life meaningful .
i cant cope with this game
this is how i see things when i wake up
wow i would love to take in the scenery !
i love the artistic value of this , it hits on every level .
what a lovely crowd of people . i hope they all have a great day .
they seem as if they are getting married , only to begin a life to strain and tension .
is that a blue tree or an old statue ?
saddening and lost
i hope that someday the places i shop will be so kind as to hug me .
scary picture i ' m not sure whats going on
what am i looking at ?
they are about to play musical chairs
this is definitely a doorway to adventure !
i don ' t understand what ' s going on in this picture
[ disconnect ]
museums are like trees . if you ' ve seen one , you ' ve seen them all .
she can make a heart with her hands , but she ' d never earn my love .
the way these are lined up is boring , and monotonous . not my style of photography !
where is the picture , all i see is a color .
the most beautiful people ever
my snake would love those mice .
i believe these are not good enough for me lobsters . they can do better . i can do better .
she ' s so much more pretty than i am , why does she have perfect skin and i don ' t ?
baby is finally rolling over ! such a milestone has been reached .
who dresses their kid in ugly dresses
this beautiful metal accent piece has sparkly silver and congruent lines .
the poolside is beautiful but antiquated
this little puppy is so playful .
i hope her tennis shoes are already broken in .
the snow never feel good
this picture really look like it has something to do with voodoo .
she must be a photographer
this looks really boring
dead trees make me not care about life .
rough rique rigid
i think this dog should be like groomed daily . maybe even twice a day .
this is an intense parade
three people in the photo , but only two belong . shouldn ' t children be banned from restaurants ?
though the exhibit may look dull , this is a fascinating piece of history technically .
whoa that dog should go snowboarding
what a cute kitty !
steve buscemi is looking great .
such great costumes they have on they wear them well
i wish i was able to afford a motorcycle like that .
that bear is not going to eat them
i wish it were me up there
the architecture is very daunting .
i hate pizza with that many toppings
it is so dangerous to sit below his bike like that .
the past regrowth
the man must be a brilliant geographer
a depressing looking location
this photo seems very boring .
this tiny human is going to grow up to disappoint itself .
how can i possibly read such an old headstone ?
wow , it ' s amazing how a lady can fit a finger so far up there .
this looks like such a fun ride , hopefully i can learn to ski this winter !
this is my home
the flower will not survive the cold weather .
love the balance and symmetry between the two towers , the essential harmony of the scene .
those guys need to stop blocking the area or else i ' ll make them
the green void upsets me deeply .
this reminds me of a hurricane storm
the scene looks confusing
energetic performance on stage
pretty human man
incredibly architecture which we don ' t usually see nowadays .
this fountain is so disgusting .
i can  t wait to dig into that pile of meat !
don ' t worry , it ' s not that scary
i am erudite and happen to know those birds are most likely puffins .
i bet that what they ' re doing is not that much fun . they may be paid to do that .
i don ' t see the excitement about fireworks , it ' s just elements doing what they naturally do .
these women remind me of when i used to talk to my grandmother in the park .
this reminds me of where i grew up , it was hard but i loved the community .
the statue looks great
gross smoking is disgusting .
this green , like envy , is too deep .
wow we are high !
i do not feel this tree is going to make it another year .
that guy ' s a jerk . i ' d love to smash his statue .
planning ahead is what will bring memories for the future .
one day that sun will never come back up
what a serene and clear lake .
what even is this ?
exploring many things
sick trick bro !
this car is not worth the ground it ' s on .
we just stay in bed all day counting our toes and staring at the ceiling
i would be learny about rollerderby .
i know where this location is - do you ?
the article is just great .
i love the arts of any kind !
who are the idiot collected in a hall
this lady has kind eyes
looks like a regular drama class . why are you showing me this ?
doesn ' t look like a great company .
the architecture here grasps at something it does not quite achieve .
does he really have an empty wallet or is he carrying a money clip ?
caption nemo was tired of building submarines . gave kitchen design a try .
it warms the heart to see a holy place so well maintained .
i like how the people in this pict
i am going to paint my room the color of spring violets .
she was so drunk she had to rest her head on his shoulder .
how are those trees holding up that clock ? ! ? !
as the ice chairs got warmer they started melting and some of the guests were stuck
that back swing could use some work .
the last time someone did this was when i went to the event with martha , my best friend .
i can barely see anything .
i love how that tree has grown .
that pony looks a bit capricious
i wish things were better in the world . this is a beautiful sight .
natures beauty will not last
it looks like a cold day up in the desert mountains .
um , i thought you visited the pyramids , not the right triangles .
worthy of a magazine cover .
this over cast sky makes the city look scary .
just a plan pink color !
holy moly , thats a good looking cannoli .
i see millions of years ' woth of sedimentary rock .
oh , as though you can sing
the river ' s water level seems like it ' s rising .
children must learn to put their plastic vehicles away before nap time .
argh ! i could eat those for dinner !
is it okay to talk if we whisper ?
the color of this statue bleeds red for days and invokes feelings of anger and resentment .
learning to sew starts off with learning the basics and you will make simple clothes .
what an amazing view . i really love the lighting .
i feel exactl
seems like a good time for a kiss .
this is badly lit .
me when i prove someone wrong
deep down , i ' m also just a skeleton .
i wonder how old he turned .
isn ' t it amazing how the two colors contrast to give such a wonderful aesthetic ?
this town is so quaint !
this is the most amazing place i have ever laid my eyes on . lets go !
our road , not your road , please step aside for the great ones ride .
remember , it could have been worse .
this group looks fun .
such a cloudy day
don ' t get it . it ' s a large ball . what ' s the big deal ?
i hope someday this contraption makes sense to somebody .
he battles gravity and beats it .
it ' s so great that you were finally able to go to the forest !
this poor dog , i wonder where is owner is ?
this jam band is really groovy and tends to mix the perfect amount of rock and jazz .
its so simple and peaceful here in the kitchen
is this dog meat ?
i love this picture !
i think he is scared the ball is going to hit him in the head !
quick ! a little help , please .
what a beautiful girl ! she looks like a really friendly person
i think everything should be pink .
why can ' t i go water skiing ? i don ' t care if the water is almost frozen .
now that ' s a hotel ! that ' s huge ! that ' s gorgeous ! that ' s big !
makes you fell small
i could never perform like that
i am so jealous of whoever gets to stay here everyday !
i think their laziness is crazy .
almost as beautiful as my reflection
what is he doing in this picture ?
i also play the guitar and my friends say i play better than him .
a really mysterious place , i can just see fairies and pixies darting around .
i am crazy about this city .
i ' d want to yell in this place and see if my voice echoes .
kami is always such a pristine queen and lady like !
they look like a wild bunch .
the two t - shirts are collector items , i need them ! !
that water is brown ! i bet it has a lot of pollution in it .
what a beatiful flower ! i love spring so much .
calm down girl . . stop yelling
i find it intriguing .
simply put it ' s an alligator waiting to strike it ' s prey
death metal rock perhaps
this meal is no good .
there is a kid , yes i said a kid , not an adult , looking at the ceiling .
it was an amazing view to see .
i love this color ! it ' s so vibrant !
take the slow and careful approach when meeting women .
the team is playing so well ! i knew they were ready for this competition .
warthogs scavenger in the ashy debris
lol look at this dude he looks like fat beethoven lololol yolo
the joy is really contagious
they put me at ease
is someone cheating
we are ready
we were so young
try hard . sit on each other ' s face hard .
this is the absolute best vacation spot ever . there is no view more amazing than this one !
what wonderful texture to this photo .
out to explore this great city . can ' t wait for my next adventure out today !
why would they wear such ugly rain coats ?
what is she looking at ? ?
is this a chat system ? i prefer video chats . you get to show yourself off .
is that a doorstopper or what ?
he is a hard worker very professional
give me a month and i could do what he is doing
i love clubs
huh , i wonder what that sign means .
i smile pretty when i can ' t think of anything else to say .
why is he wearing scuba gear while surfing ?
they look like a great band , but i worry they ' ll play too loud .
you should jump in the river and make some fish !
wow , that guys hat does not match his clothes , why do so many people go outside not caring about their appearance ?
i can ' t believe how someone could make a piece of art that bad . just look at it .
i remember talking to my grandmother . .
huge mystery fruit
this was am amazing mountain . it seemed like it was thousands of feet high and the trees were all over the place .
beauty is everyewhere
gray is my favorite color .
thiscar honestly looks fine . even though red isn ' t my favourite color it suits the car decently .
i could sit and watch these dancers for hours .
this picture is beautiful !
those birds look nice , i guess .
this is the color of my bedspread , except it also has white fluffy lace .
man i could eat a whole pound of that !
these look like the perfect bunks for young lads , i hope they sleep well .
non natural hair color really seems to be the norm .
is this where the adams family once lived ?
this isn ' t contrastive enough to be seen clearly from the street .
i like the look of that city .
looking ready to take on any challenge .
i wonder why those cones are there
young men today should wear suits and ties , not tee shirts .
omg what a pretty picture i < 3 it !
look at me , im in a red shirt
that would look nice if it weren ' t so filthy . my doorway looks much better .
they are walking in the woods .
why is he with the flag
this racing video game doubles as a coffin . get up and take a walk .
someone probably jumped off that at some point
i don ' t understand why you think we could make it over past the horizon before nightfall . that ' s just madness .
i wonder if these five are on an epic voyage of discovery or just shooting the rails for a thrill .
snow showers ? could you please bring back fall ?
i guess these guys could come to my wedding .
at a couple and a dog at peace
love that the area remains untouched and pristine .
i hope she does not get hurt on that bridge
what a nice party and couple wearing red .
if they keep doing yoga on the side of the dock they will fall in eventually .
look at all of these tubby people
this color of blue is so amazing , i need to paint my whole house this color .
shes going to grow up to be something wonderful
the culture is amazing
when will a man do this for me
all i understand is " toyota " maybe i should pick up a foreign language .
no doubt the plant is in the plam family .
this colour is looks feminie
i hate the outdoors .
i love his smile
i am in a place where no one can find me .
he looks relaxed for a competitor .
eek ! i would be scared if i had to repair that roof !
i would recommend this place in the mountains to visit and meditate .
looks like advertising opportunities
i must memorize this list and follow it .
i can ' t think of anything
the red fence and cape are striking compliment to the bull ' s fury .
what a weird little spot .
the rain cleared , the sun came out and blooms are in full .
ah yes , a brilliant time she will always remember
i wish i had this much fun , they seem to be enjoying themselves .
this guy probably thinks he looks tough wearing a shirt like that to show off his muscles but they aren ' t impressive .
the grey color scheme gives off a cool relaxing vibe .
does this path go all of the way through ? i wouldn ' t want to go off - track .
with rustic materials conveying a sense of time and place , the vertical patterning of the fence posts invokes the feeling of protection .
those are three girls
the student was learning something amazing !
it ' s kinda pretty .
i wonder what they are planning for .
i ' ve made a way more interesting art and music programs than this one .
everyone at this wedding ceremony is well dressed .
oh my goodness , i absolutely love seeing your vacation photos ! i can ' t wait to see more ! love the smile and pose ! !
it really feels like we are back in that time .
they need a slap
this appears to be an historic catholic church . the cobwebs were likely formed by an arachnid of some sort .
what a beautiful pose
i want to climb that tree .
i ' d love to see more melons like this in my bed at night .
the paint on this sign needs to be redone and the letters need to be touched up .
these people need to get out of the road or someone will want to hit them !
i ' d love to skip up those stairs .
can ' t wait to sit next to this guy on the train . . .
this place is so noisy and crowded .
i just love fall and winter ! there ' s something beautiful about the bare trees and snow .
great depiction of the company
the colors are so vivid against the snow . the starkness of it all reminds me of death .
looks like there will be a really mice dinner party !
i don ' t know anyone who would want this color for anything
it is just a purple box , wonder if it belongs to prince .
just look at the wonderful leg room of this vehicle !
they look so cute . i hope they are behaving themselves .
this wall has an intriguing design that makes one wonder about its function .
nope , no dressing room scenes with this guy .
i could not believe the design of the hotel i arrived at ! how does one pull through a building like that ?
somber days end
the narrow , lonely street , stark and cold , makes us feel sad .
i wonder what that motor bike is used for ?
i ' m not quite sure whether the individual is the little girl ' s parent , but she looks like a great little girl .
my home is much more beautiful .
this is the worst setup ever . not a dan .
war games never cease until there is peace .
keep working on your technique ! these have so much potential to be loved .
wow look at all the food we can buy
this place looks like disneyland , i have never been but would love to go !
this ride is no joke . look at the pristine condition of the paint and chrome . i ' d do anything to get my hands of a jewel like that .
what an amazing event to get to hear people speak !
this looks like a place full of adventure .
he should buy longer shorts .
a newly blossomed flower !
such a colorful gathering of primates .
we should get a group together and pick up all the debre laying around , what do you say ?
the chicken looks beheaded
two well groomed young men !
why can ' t the city ever clean up these leaves ? ! i ' m sick of looking at these and being reminded of how lazy all our municipal workers are ! !
. chairs two those with a lot do could i
my most fond memories of my mom are going to the opera .
wow , those are some great books , i ' ve read at least a few of them .
what a sweet flower . i would get it for my mom .
the flowers are warm from the cannon ' s misfire
it was such a dull day .
will there be anyone doing the chicken dance in this show ?
tell cant i but off seems something
this photo seems kind of uninspired in composition .
that grass needs to be cut shorter .
oh this is an exquisite selection , tres bien !
this bark is very tough
another young one has grown up .
those trees look great in the color changes
his kite doesn ' t seem to be going any higher
sony is such an excellent company ! look at how organized everything is !
those look great - what i ' d love to do is use a drop of food coloring to make them all different colors , think about it you could make pasty rainbow !
this is a forest scene .
blue makes me want to visit the beach and eat ice cream !
what a great performance
the whole thing is blurry but it ' s lit up like it had to of been fun
peace ? would she still feel peace when i knocked her drink over ?
patience is a virtue while listening to my boss .
having so much fun at training
the men are looking good
children is future hands
this makes me want to scream .
guys dont like this
why do we always destroy the nature around us . this blade of grass is just so adorable its hurts me to know what we do to our planet .
it will put you to sleep
people riding horses .
i just love looking at vintage photos by the sea !
the blea landscape fills me with unease .
this picture makes me so nervous ! so hard to get everything done !
fall is upon us , cold , cold fall .
this rock looks suspicious
i will like to share the meal
she looks like she complains a lot
texting and biking and then ending up on the wrong end of town . i ' ve done that .
what a lovely flower , i would love to smell it .
black shirts and khakis shorts are very common .
one should use caution traversing this environment at night .
you think that ' s the way it always is there ?
this is a bad sculpture
this is the best spray i ' ve ever used in my life ! i can ' t imagine using anything else ever ! don ' t use another spray ever !
i survived a car crash in this
what a beautiful image
the different points have several meanings
she would lose the surfing competition because she lacks guts .
i can ' t believe fish tails are a delicacy in some cultures . that ' s shocking ! !
it ' s days like these that make commute seem awfully dreary .
thats gotta be a great fishing spot
can you get any further away from the people ? how about some color ?
looks like a great place to destroy
this is a very depressing photo , plant looks so sad .
she thinks she ' s hot stuff , but she ' s not . i ' m the best one of all .
the dove represents peace
i can see red brick on the right side of the wall . what ' s worse about the image is all of the graffiti . people just don ' t have respect for public and private property anymore , it ' s horrendous . where ' s law enforcement to teach these kids a lesson ?
what is that thing on that leaf ?
i could rip those rails off with my big truck
the bud is not properly placed it breaks the rule of thirds .
is this supposed to be art ? i don ' t understand kids these days . . .
i know little about this man and cant relate to their situation .
i wonder what his body looks like now
his sleepy eyes hide his energetic nature .
that man does not look like he should have a black - belt .
crush those buildings ! put up a new mall , i hate those houses !
what a poor statue
this seems to be a room of a smart collage professor
it ' s just miraculous how the life of the city can jump out at you from this view .
the picture is nothing spcecial .
i would love to be able to run across this bridge ! the span looks just perfect !
this is a kid ' s blue ! pick something more mature !
one of the great american pastimes is to watch racing . many americans can come together and share their interests of it as well .
nice golden beauty
i bet they beat their elephants , but i sure hope not .
all i can think about is the plane crashing into the golf cart . . .
i don ' t think that guy knows what he ' s doing .
the flower ' s bloomed early this year .
why don ' t we replace these stone buildings ?
the dog is stupid for being in the road . if it gets hit it ' s its own fault .
all these groups and i ' m left out . let them plot , they ' ll learn to fear my scorn in time .
i love a woodsy hike !
i just love the architecture and scenery ! i can ' t wait to visit .
safety comes first !
those fake smiles seem like they know something about me i don ' t .
where are they all going ?
i can ' t believe that horse can pull that many people .
art is fun but look at how messy you ' d get your hands doing that .
i is any given sunday . here is a vision of beauty , a timeless classic .
i am not even going to peak behind that fence !
this place would look so much better with me around it .
music is just dumb
yes , look deep into my eyes . oh , purr purr , baby !
i wonder what experiences people have to believe in god .
i like the black dress
this looks like a great adventure hideout ! i would love to build a fort here !
i love this place !
i only buy polished pearl string tighteners .
thats how i would soar
america has such beautiful nature , compared to the rest of the world , we have the best looking plants !
a calm flow of visitors
swimming isnt actually as good of an exercise as people say
this is too high up
god i love my country , where else can you see a view like this ?
let ' s keep going !
the skill of the people in the picture must be really high !
are these shirts from pilgrim days or something ?
i could climb this all day and enjoy every moment
the night sky is illuminated by a single source . it makes for a somber atmosphere .
i hate plants , but these ones look pretty cool .
oh , i have fond memories of taking a similar image .
deep in the dark forest , there are green mysteries .
oh my goodness , what engravings !
that bird is not much more exciting than that statue .
i think it ' s just weak to not make this .
cake looks good but it probably has cheese in it .
this looks very peaceful when you want to get away from frustration .
what a wonderful scenery to enjoy a bike ride .
what lovely young men !
these windsocks are so fun ! they are so joyful .
i love that i can see pics of places all over the world , it is so nice .
walking through the meadow
oh my gosh do you see that pollution ? i would never go there . that ' s sick ! gross !
seems to be delicious !
i cant believe what just happened
he flies through the trees , confident and carefree .
looks like a superhero , was jus born
neon signs are sooooo pretty and bright ! yay !
revisiting this old place
the guitar doesn ' t look like it ' s that expensive
that fence is a start at keeping trouble out
wow . what a fun bouncy house that must be !
people that do not accept the sign were destructive to it .
this is my cousins daddy
the algae looks scratchy .
they are so happy together .
i hope everyone in those buildings is enjoying their night .
i don ' t have a roof over my bed . i have to sleep outdoors .
the endless amount og games that can be played in this grid
you can see the love in their eyes and smiles .
could do without them .
yeah , muscle cars are what i like ! let ' s cruise !
whenever i see some band stuff it reminds me of nick cannon in drumline . and he went on to marry mariah carey so i ' m happy to see this all day !
he looks like such a free spirit with his many earrings
i ' ll bet that metal is top grade silver .
these two look like they ' re certainly ready to party
about to go on a river cruise !
i wish i was there !
the fruits are positioned in a symmetrical pattern , suggesting a face .
this looks incredibly fun ! family time is always a blast !
oh no i can ' t handle it
this is the scene of many future crimes .
smile , this is the one .
bird hood ornament
he is a strong boy
is this in chicago ?
my new initiative ensures every child in the nation gets fresh fruit for the summer .
i like to dress up when i go to the car show .
this would be a rather difficult item to sell , but i would be interested in how much stones go for .
this looks stupid
looks like some men ' s shirt
it would be awesome if somebody tripped her at full speed .
i ' m going to find a cure for roaches with these chemicals .
i can take the cars
who put that there ? have them remove it .
muy bien papi !
i hate country
reminds me of being dead
i bet they just came from a huge event and had a large meal
imagine how many generations of people have lived lives of joy and suffering in this place .
great to see the young abiding by helmet rules .
the hills are absolutely alive with the sound of music .
that girl is singing her absolute heart out !
a nice stroll in the winter
remove the battery carefully from the automobile .
what is going on with that drawing ?
the whole forest knew there was an plan to make it out
a beautiful place , complimented by beautiful lights
woohoo ! keyboards ! up close and personal lol !
time to organize another value trip
they are probably going somewhere professional
it ' s a beautiful dress ! it makes me so sad . but i get excited thinking about wearing it ! oh it makes me angry it ' s not mine !
another dumb hipster
i would love to visit this town and get to know its culture , i am sure the people are very interesting and unique and special !
these guys are having a blast .
that forest looks so lush and beautiful .
look at these wonderful women fighting stereotypes , a roll which i retired many years ago
praying for the island . i feel so bad for them .
we took the stage again , just like in the good old days .
i ' ve never seen a snack like that before .
i ' m not sure if the road becomes a stream , or the stream becomes a road : - )
wait whos the guy in front
these creatures are the protectors of this ancient building . they are meant to keep evil spirits away .
these stairs are a true architectural masterpiece .
its just a purple screen , but somehow its soothing
sure . . we will be there
i hate that i have to look at this ugly ceiling all day .
this panda looks beautiful .
how handsome is this man ?
i wish joe caligula would be eaten alive by screaming pink dolphins .
green like this , should always be covered up . you don ' t want to hurt your eyes staring at it !
i would like to adopt that kitten .
are we the birds , is 2 in the hand better than one on the stump ?
passing the time learning origami is rather relaxing .
he ' s preparing food for consumption .
this seems like a fun forest to go hiking it . i ' ll need to remember the water and sunscreen though .
i guess it ' s an empty lot that no one goes to .
which chair is mine ?
this picture is completely destroyed . all i see is green
is this green , or grey ? is it both ? i wonder if others see this color the same way i do ?
i can introduce myself without being embarrassed
we have to save the trees
i appreciate every opportunity to have a massage .
very shiny expensive looking old car
what are those white houses in the background
they ought not to put this here
i love this country
it must be nice to be able to spend one ' s evening at the amusement park , and not heading to job # 2 .
could that be a sun
that girl looks like a good girl .
this is a fake treasure map !
i hope he broke a bone performing this stunt !
wow , i would love to be on that team .
they look so happy together and they make such a cute couple .
why would you need two computers ?
nature makes me think of god .
high fructose additives made corn farmer bob the man he is today .
this woman knows her place .
bring him another one !
that looks like my bike
her hair is messy and in need of a cut .
they never mine right !
i would so walk that pretty path
little children should get as much exercise as they can .
give me one of those lollipops , or else !
drink five glasses a day , keep the doctor away !
going for a homerun
look at my amazing legs !
she picked an excellent costume to juxtapose her most striking features and pulls it off well , the confidence she gains from this will last long after the costume is gone .
we need to shut down these factories no matter what
its so cold and clear outside
i see . . . i read tarots but seeing a real creature is intriguing
42 : the answer to life , the universe , and oppresive dictators .
i hate these girls so much
that bunny looks calm .
her dress looks comfortable .
this is far from the ground
green is the archetype for many things - the most profound one being life . the color itself gives off an aura of youthfulness and life - just as it is meant to convey .
an open window symbolises readiness for life .
what a beautiful dress . it makes me want to go run a 5k to get in better shape .
would be interesting if there was a picture to look at .
how calming , the fish are beautiful .
what a beautiful piece of abstract art , i ' m so drawn to it .
interesting place of choice
what shape is this supposed to be and why are there so many different colors ?
what are they looking to eat ?
how thoughtful to leave me your room to clean .
this must be somewhere not in the usa . it appears to be 2 jewish guys . judaism is fast losing it ' s spot at number 2 for the largest religion .
this looks like an exciting moment .
this is awsome tree to speculate hangin an basket net .
what an elegant walkway , i love the lighting
he better goal ! he ' s perfectly aligned ! if he goals i ' m gonna scream my lungs off !
so huge , it is insane , this is beautiful architecture !
the band looks pretty chill with a banjo player in it .
nature picture good one
it looks calm out there .
i ' m gonna come over and you wont imagine what i ' ll do
this is a woman ready to make the most of her life .
it ' s party time !
kind of dumb seeing the shadow there .
it snowed ! ! time to play in it .
i ' d love to travel the world in this boat .
this view is the same every time i see it .
are they serious with this view ?
really blue hair girl ? i would have done something different with my hair . bet it would look better !
i find it so sad that the sky is blue .
a very nice graphic on the side of a building in the dark .
looks like your about to bite you tongue , good .
oh . just a statue holding a flag
i ' m confused why anyone would like the tennessee vols .
this guy needs to pay attention or else he ' s just wasting everyone ' s time .
why does she look so grumpy ?
the people look like they do not know how to act in a public place
well , at least she has a nice smile ?
everyone gathers in the town square for the show .
dude , your mom cooks everything for you still .
what a breathtaking viee .
that boy ' s look could kill
crazy it ' s . . . huge so is woodshop this
why can ' t she just go away ! ! !
i love that color red .
that building doesn ' t look all that tall .
a good place to hide a corpse
romance is such a waste of time . people , just live in the woods and be a hermit .
that ' s a lot of spokes .
wow what a thrilling site !
why would you be laying in the grass with nice clothes on ?
oh to be a kid again , the good ol days .
if that water drips on my head i will be pissed .
um , can we get a more appealing house number , what is this , asphalt ?
i absolutely love the decor on the outside of the house !
he looks cold
that looks really nice .
are they getting divorced already ?
there are better way to block roads
that ' s great shape !
he looks like a fool to climb that high . . . .
charmin the pants off the fish for dinner
i also want to dance like that in public haha .
i researched squirrels a lot in college and that is one healthy squirrell
. rockstarfamous a be to wanted alwaysi ' ve
this plane is so fragile and rickety , the pilot who flies it must be willing to take a risk .
should this guys beard to be white .
a beautiful building with wonderful architecture .
i see why this room is arranged this way
i want the whole world to look like this .
the color of that shell inspires me to re - evaluate my color palette at home . . .
this cannot ever happen again
that woman in the freaky costume is making me so angry . i want to punch her .
this is a complex way of living but the green footprint is so much better
pippi ? is that you ?
my grandparents use to go to the drive - in every sunday .
another beautiful day enjoying the bounties of nature
the little store is just right .
i bet a semi - truck couldn ' t fit through there
i don ' t see the appeal of sand . it ' s coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere .
what a nice scenery
it sad how gloomy the rocks look .
i can ' t see a lot of fun parties happening in this dungeon - like place .
i would like to dance with them , it looks fun !
i don ' t understand what those dolls are doing . weird .
thank goodness this is a true shop for vintage items .
i don ' t believe the person in the middle is actually a skeleton .
they look like they might get wet
i bet that trolley is going faster than the speed limit . what is the conductor thinking !
the view looks daunting .
we could do well enough
those are some fantastic looking swords .
that plant is a sibling to another species on another planet .
the cute little girl is entertaining everyone
that is a huge building .
we need bigger planes ! !
the bird is trying to make a nest with the branches before it gets too cold .
the tree yard was calm after the war ended
these waves are ruining my time
move away from the wet sand before i pop you .
i think those suits would be too heavy and hot .
the building of the city through the morning fog another day passing by
that is a really neat old , red car in the picture .
i have a mouse hidden in my pocket how fast would these elephants run if i released it ?
this dont look very logical
this lady loves to play soccer but plays horribly .
large crowds like this would give me so much fear and anxiety ! you never know when you are safe .
i would never take a picture with them , i hate selfies , and i hate cameras all up in my face !
lets make a jack o lantern !
it ' s dangerous to have flowers outside the fence .
just a boring library nothing really interesting .
what a loving , tender bond these two share
that looks like a lot of fun .
the brave sand people live with lions and bears as pets .
love the community at concerts
i would love to play and chase these kids around with those toys .
i bet those dolphins are exhausted by the end of their workday .
i don ' t think that man should be playing on those playground games because they are not built to withstand an adult ' s weight .
this painting of the waterfall was done with a feather brush and acrylic paint
it ' s good to speak well about the beauty of greenery in the photo
i ' d love to swim in that !
i always like to take a piece of wherever i visit . i ' d break off some stone from here as a souveneir .
i wonder if this is some sort of contest ?
life is special to all creatures great and small .
great to be here
i hate happy couples
i would be willing to experience this place or any other place for that matter .
she tried to make sense of the project .
i hate seeing insects like this
bet he can ' t wait to kiss the bride .
it is important for us to synchronize our watches ( which we obviously haven ' t done yet ) .
they really need to get started with their tent before it gets dark .
wow ! this is such a dear photo . i like how the light plays off of the american flag ; the shadows really make you think .
so many different people all gathered in one place !
i want to look through these binoculars but i don ' t want to ask for permission .
love this nice man guarding and the man taking a nice photo opportunity .
not a good sport to play , you ' ll get injured , well maybe not
i really like the curves near the top of the building , great symetry .
we should jump into the lake and catch that bird !
if she plans her hit precisely , she should be able to achieve a hole in one .
smokestacks near the house , are you kidding me ? ? ?
these men seem to act like kids .
the desert elicits some strong feelings in me . life clinging despite the environment , thriving even , and the juxtaposition of sweltering days and cold nights .
now this is a musical performance , let me tell you . none of the smoke and lasers , just the amazing magic of music travelling through the air ! !
. lame is smoking . really dude
they sat with each other with care
walk with a purpose , like this guy .
there is nothing normal about this
i wonde3r who ' s lurking behind that corner .
so many children have gone missing from playgrounds in front of people that it has become enigmatic how these children are able to disappear right in broad day light .
love the time of fall !
the reflection of light looks like a horse race speeding to the finish line !
i wonder what he ' s looking at ? is he perhaps pondering the over indulgence of humanity in consumerism , really eye opening .
it looks nice there , where are you at ?
i love reading the messages my friends write all around me
would be a good spot to base jump off
drowning here would be easy
this guy doesn ' t play guitar as well as i do .
my birthday cake was way better than this .
these individual seem very productive almost make you envious right now
aww . . . that man looks so tired from all of the baking he had to do in this heat . i hope he has some water .
a cage has been framed to hold the office slaves as their souls slowly drain away .
is this some sort of invasion of the scottish ?
i wonder if i could smoke those .
the only opportune , glamour and forthright of the metro scene
these sparks are the most amazing thing i ' ve ever seen !
no bids ? ? ? c ' mon , y ' all gotta eat , now what am i bid for these clean spoons ?
the people are walking ahead with serious looks on their faces .
diving when you don ' t know the depth is not safe !
looks like a regular day in florida .
so i guess this class is about playing around ehe ?
bunch of losers ! keep laughing watch what happens .
the animal is taking a nice nap .
i love his passion
oh please let me live
could that be coke
motorcycles are bad
i could take all those extras on my hot dog , it would upset my stomach and i would not feel good , in fact i feel bad just looking .
wow ! that ' s crazy to have that mid day . it ' s filled to the top .
love these men representing our country
the view up here isn ' t very uplifting .
phil and danny are always looking prestigious at the temple .
the birds love each other ! they are kissing , show each other their emotions .
there are way too many people in that line . i would jump off the side and swim ahead of everyone .
here you can see a young man practice the american football position of center .
looks boring and something i would be super bored at .
this looks like a child made it .
there seems to be an old chinese man , that is overdressed . he must be an emperor .
i ' m not sure what is green color made from .
this has to be one of the best baseball players around .
bunch of rich guys wasting our time .
how strange that she wanted to take a picture of me despite my asking her not to .
this food looks delicious in my opinion
audience has lost engagement
these tunnels remind me of a museum i once had a dinner at .
this building i could have built in 10 days with my skills .
those are so yummy . i eat them all the time
the chariot racing was exciting and we knew the driver !
wow , look at that guy ' s slam dunk , i wish i could do that .
finally , a photo that ' s oriented to how i see things !
a man is giving presentation to the people gathered for the meeting .
i would swim across that
what a cool looking shot , i like the architecture .
wow what a scenic picture it is .
omg ! that looks like the most crazy delicious thing ! i want to eat this soooo bad !
what a great place for a smoke bomb .
if i was there i would lay down in the middle of the field , looks so peaceful .
that girl is so excited to make baskets from bamboo .
the view from the street is very lively .
what an odd looking animal . it may be dangerous but then again could be harmless .
i am on my way to my job interview . i will succeed !
these amazing young women did an exceptional job with this sign .
too bad there aren ' t any jobs .
she seems nice , what ' s the catch though ?
who is this man .
what ' s everything like on the moon ?
they are wearing bright orange , i will get myself an outfit like that
this seems like a good place to think about history .
a whale could jump out of the water and eat me !
i would be terrified to see these three on the streets .
get on with the toast already !
children make me laugh .
i don ' t know what this guy is doing , but he is very strong and fit , would make a good worker .
that kid is way too old for a diaper .
i always dream of finding cash in the trash !
who does he think he is ? i would do a much better job and look better doing it !
what a vision of nature ' s supreme beauty .
withered time gone by .
this man is giving the best speech i have ever heard
i want to go back here . the beauty of the mountains and everyone needs a crane in the background of their photos .
i absolutely love spending time picking apples .
i will pay a million dollars for that beautiful view .
i could really are less about whatever happens in church .
looks like an old school cartoon .
this photo is too gloomy .
i really did not want chineese food today . do you have a hamburget ?
another boring airplane taking off .
this gentleman needs to have his head up while playing this instrument .
oh my gosh , this building looks like it wants to abduct me .
he speaks with stunning eloquence .
this looks like a nice corner to settle in and get away from the crowd .
0oh my that is a lovely shirts
what a fun little town !
crocs ? ? ? no , please , not crocs ! ! ! somebody get that child a decent pair of shoes .
the colors make it difficult to understand where this image was taken
why is the ice melted only in that part of the ocean . . .
the ancient catholic pergola
these flowers be budding .
is she being attacked by her grandchildren ?
wow , what a smooth picture .
the peace in the countryside !
ugh , only losers take trips here . boring !
i was at this event but it wasn ' t very fun
this used to be my home until i got kicked out
what a great picture . please make sure he is putting sun screen on
he really need to think twice about that outfit .
this color makes me feel empathy .
i think his technique is near perfect .
the day is unusual
what an interesting piece , i wonder what it ' s history is ?
this loud mouth betta shut it
i need one of these like yesterday .
she should not be allowed in that picture
why is the caboose there
love that contrast paint job on the 3 wheeler .
i bet a fall from there would be killer .
ok , well , that ' s just hair and a hairstyle . it ' s ok i guess
i am so angry about being in this group of people !
this is the most fabulous archway in any home !
paranoid is the feeling you get when you know you should not park on a curb but still decide to do it anyways
beautiful cascading waterfall surrounded by beauty itself
quiet reserved space , beautifully manicured to pay respects .
these lobsters are a very rare species
they look happy
i am scared of sitting in the front row of a race .
that dog definitely wants to play .
i would not fly on this airplane . it looks like the propellers are not synchronized .
are you brothers ? i mean you look like twins .
this plant is a place of violence
i could skip work and sit here all day !
will that car turn left ? what will they miss if they could have went right
it is amazing the things we can build now
yo yo yo ! come on dude , you look like your taking a pee on the grass . hahahah
this is so loaded
i see that the ocean is very blue here , but i don ' t feel anything when i see this image .
hey . . . juicy . pretty . . breezy . . enthralling . oranges , that i love to have one
that is a light pole .
life of a child
what a nice looking home .
how much would you guys pay me to climb this ?
i don ' t understand why they get so excited over crayons , it ' s not worth the effort .
i can ' t believe you were able to get those to plant .
that is totally the pinkest thing i have ever seen .
what a cute little fish ! i would love to have him as a pet , but he is probably happier in the water !
someday we will save the world and make sure everyone gets a pony .
this man reminds me of the picture of uncle sam telling us to go fight wars overseas . i love my country .
this is such a beautiful building ! the architect did a fantastic job !
what a unique and fun - filled take on a prom night !
you can tell those two are sisters because of their cheek structure
there is some sort of mother child thing going here i can tell .
this makes me excited
this picture flows so well . the colors and shapes are just molding together to show us this beautiful imagery .
bet the cows help keep the grass trimmed
i really don ' t see why everyone is so impressed by old , dirty , smelly , wrinkly turtles .
i am looking at how sweet this is .
it would be nice if i could be there to see that in person
this is the better part of the day
showy flowers for a perfect wedding day handpicked especially for us .
what a great idea ! i cannot wait to get started on this awesome collaboration .
this place looks fake . i think its cgi .
stop taking pictures of me mom
that is too expensive
this looks like nice quiet night out .
connected more were people and simple more was life when city the in time a was this
smaart and relaxing
this looks like it would give me food poisoning .
oh look , a calorie free meal .
they are having a blast on that party bus .
what if i fell out of these windows ?
the atmosphere is great
last sunday this guy bowled a perfect score over and over again . now if you want to come to the next meet , we will be at the lane on saturday the 6th at 5 : 00 pm .
i ' m in a boat !
what is with the reflection on this photo ? so badly done .
i ' m a way better player than him
man taking a seat , that ' s for sure .
if they had left five minutes ago the traffic would have been lighter .
btdt this reminds me of my trip out there but i was able to get all the colors , not just the orange . with mine i got the beautiful fire red and green and even some down browns and blues . i loved my picture .
a mother and her kids , how cute .
i think this vehicle isn ' t pretty .
i ' m sure that ' s confusing for someone such as yourself .
i think this is a jack in the box . \
the world is better when we put our hands together .
we need flowers to keep species like this alive . be mindful of the environment . it is more your mother than the woman who gave birth to you . . . as if you are reading this . . you ' re old enough to live w / o one .
i can ' t stand this band .
that is a very well constructed church .
this place is too empty !
sports are important for becoming a well rounded being . i try to play as many as possble !
when i was a child , i ' d pick all flowers and gave it my grandma
i do this everyweek
this whole crowd is going to be set on fire
the love of a mother is solid , like the sand in a bucket .
looks like a high class resort to me !
why take a picture on such a cloudy day ?
a boring town
guess what day it is ? hump dayyyyyyyy ! ! ! !
they wanted this painting details
i want my hair to be this color .
i guess that ' s a cool collection .
they ' ve got to be thinking they should have put on underwear before their break !
why is there two of those things .
everything is just a passing moment .
cars will continue to evolve , and that ' s fine .
it was so awesome to see bellagio with jane !
i just love the color purple !
thoses old cars are on really good conditions .
beautiful summer sunset always makes me feel calm .
that ' s a great looking flower .
it ' s so sad how that insect lives in its own tiny little world .
a beautiful city even with bad weather .
these look like fungi growing , i hope that ' s not anywhere close by me .
what a great looking display , this is very creative
this is quite a nice concerto
i ' ve been waiting for this talk for weeks ! i ' m livestreaming it , so jealous you ' re there ! can you pick up her book for me pleeeeeease ? ! ?
such an empty and boring place
it looks like a laser sword
the shape of the each girl ' s earring correlates with the wall design .
street meat ! street meat ! street meat !
what a intriguing bird just waiting to fly around and have fun catching its breakfast .
despite the beautiful setting - the bridge , the stately home in the backdrop - i did not feel a part of it .
cats always find the coziest places to hang out .
this kids looks sad
he ' s really getting on my nerves
i want to know what kind of animals live here
wow look at that dumb , dead tree !
this play is a fun game , and i love to play it .
i am annoyed with how this photo doesn ' t appear to have a subject .
classic , clean , aerodynamic
i would love to eat horse meat
what a delightful little built in nook .
i really don ' t like the look of that city .
i guess she looks good , if quite monotone
a great looking republican family at a wedding
thsi bunny cupcake is hilarious !
plays are bad .
i can ' t wait to visit you next weekend !
doing his own thing
his shirt makes his eyes pop .
beautiful scene for a beautiful couple ! amazing !
oh man , this is some fantastic artwork we ' ve got here , yes it is .
hoping no one crashes here
i couldnt peform like them
going to concerts is always fun and i think i would love this group !
what could he be doing
the colorful paper artwork took hours to complete and makes it very special .
boring picture of something outside .
those birds surrounded the feeder like it was businesslike meeting
focus to build and run this vehicle .
thank you very much for your service today , may i have a piece of cake ?
a building this old is certain to start crumbling down soon .
this is one intense staring contact that this pup is having
sitting in stuffy suits is not my idea of a productive time .
the red bull car will outrun them all .
loving the various fonts of the numbers here along with the old school bug , this is definitely a retro piece .
i wish i could go here
that looks so fun
looks like a big rat but after some reasoning i am going to say it isn  t
there is no was people dressed like that
this man must be a wise sensei , with a beard like that
i wonder how many years a flower like that will bloom or if it will even bloom with different colors depending on the soil conditions
i wonder if their spirits still remain .
this is just unreal here .
i feel close to those people who are overweight .
if these people aren ' t allowed in , what did they do ? are they dangerous ?
my dog is cuter than the one in the picture .
revitalization , recreation , family fun !
this would be amazing for echoes .
wow ! the architecture is absolutely amazing . just look at the brick .
i really just don ' t think her hair looks good teased that high . that ' s just me though .
one wonders if this is a sad representation of our future .
oh yeah . . he got cash flow
i would not walk on that .
looks like someone has been working really hard .
this diamond was stolen from dead africans
it ' s amazing how much dirt a bulldozer is able to move daily .
building my own motor for this speedboat !
this would be a nice place to look at art .
i love to sing songs here
one day , there will be a sign , " have you left the stove on " that will freak me out .
the beauty is profound
hopefully a truck will give her a ride .
omg ! i love me some pandas , gurl
a beautiful chapel
feeling so high - spirited after watching this
staring off into space just chilling out with no thoughts to think at all .
such a great pleasure to wlak here with my love .
i hope he falls asleep and fails
i definitely think the chicken came before the egg !
this could hurt someone
i love that conway is donating all these cases of water !
such a boring game
this guy might wipe out or maybe not
i like the set - up of this apartment . very efficient use of space .
this helps me escape into a dream of sorts !
i hope i have the enthusiasm when i am that age to go out and walk daily
the day at the beach was just brilliant
the artistic skill and precision it took to build this building is amazing .
that like written had i if love in fall man a make could i
what a sad little hut .
why would she get dirt all over here like that , what a fool .
this pillow is as useful as the real thing .
a beautiful sunset is all i need to be happy .
baby birds almost ready to fly .
! outhouse that touching not i ' m
i am very aware of this .
love the tone of a freshly tuned classic
these are made of plastic
portraits are the most uncreative type of photography .
id love to check that place out
this place is unfinished
the jazz band tickled my fancy and excited every nerve with their colorful melody
the military rewarded her for her gallant efforts during the war .
i am glad i am not up there
i respect this guy for competing .
wow this is nice
this seems like a really fun beach to visit . i could imagine lots of fun games to play there .
he should not have his arm around his dad like that after he just lied to him .
i would jump off of there in a heartbeat !
these woven baskets are so well made , fit for a queen
blue man group
i love this color green - it energizes me .
they call these lanterns ? they are nothing but paper balls with goofy writing on them , so who cares .
such a hideous shirt
all aboard the choo choo train . . .
not a very good looking view but it ' s acceptable .
it ' s just the sun setting . it ' s the same thing everyday .
such a hero !
this room is absolutely disgusting . i cannot stand this style of human , they ' re absolutely detestable . they should all be punished !
that water look polluted , who wants to swim there
care with and methodically e done was bridge this of construction the
that ' s disgusting grandma
this is a classic car , it should be treated as such .
they ar about to get down and dirty in there
that paint job will be really hard to maintain .
i remember when trumpets didn ' t have valves
um where are my cheetos
i can ' t stop staring at this photo . i ' ve seen this stretch of road before and it ' s bothering me where i saw it . i won ' t stop until i remember .
though not really in use anymore , these bells were like a town center and an important part of people in the past ' s lives .
gorgeous lady with nice bag
i want to be here
going to be a great time
i can ' t beleive you have been together for that old
i could get lost in these petals .
why are they smiling ? it ' s so hot out here .
they are going to breach a door
looks like the grand canyon
a rainbow colored light show on a building with people riding running horses .
pardon the handwriting , i know i do better !
the boys were not very cynical about going out of their adventure
i can ' t wait for their new building !
a body looks as if it is buried here .
i love the color
bleak , normal , bland
i ' m sure that color doesn ' t belong to this world
feeling like a child again , what wreckless behavior !
what a crazy outfit , seems disrespectful and makes me angry
500 million sweating , stinking bodies in close areas , yuk
the grey was just grey .
won ' t lend out my car without careful sonsideration
i ' d rather listen to my headphones
there are cute birds in the grass .
why put the captions in there ? do people need them to figure that out ?
very much romantic
i love the breeze and the gorgeous look of the clouds . don ' t you just want to look around and run through the fields .
looks like a nice place to get away
i hope he doesn ' t slip with those scissors and cut the dog .
welcoming into a new environment .
these look full , but contains only empty capsules .
what an enchanting landscape , i ' d love to take a vacation here .
it ' s weird that they painted this building orange
i wish i were with them
why are they wearing hats ?
i ' m not sure if this is bad design or bad construction .
thunder is slowly rolling in , and my morning is on fire like the sky !
the metro is a great place to meet women !
i bet if i threw a penny off this it could kill someone
i wonder if that stage falls
i really enjoy the sunlight reflecting this beautiful scenery
the rain is keeping the fans in check .
these flowers show the delicate ways of human life
you can clearly see the guy in the middle is regretting his life choices !
that ' s so cute
i wonder if you could smash that with a hammer easily .
i feel her pain .
i ' d love to just up and run off to a vacation to visit this beautiful scenery of hills and mountains .
the buildings seem like nice architecture .
roller derby empowers what it commodifies .
play me a song please
oh those trees around the statue are so posh ! they really add the the atmosphere of the place .
he puts a lot of effort into his singing .
nightlife on the town
the orange in this photo matching with the orange flecks in the terazzo is so terrible that it makes me want to barf .
paper is useful .
room full of people who look particularly happy .
look how focused they are on the game . they really enjoy playing and working together .
i feel for her bad earrings
well doesn ' t he look put together ?
a break dancing crew in this day and age is enough to make anyone cringe , let ' s hope the audience was drugged as a courtesy beforehand .
this looks like a cinema
the castle justted upwards to the sky and the towns people sat quietly around it .
i like how the line of players is perpendicular to the crowd . it pleases the eye .
what a nice day !
this reminds me there is a clean water protest next week . let ' s go !
her shirt is white .
this place looks very clean and really relaxing . great job
one must take risks on the outside to gain clarity on the inside
what a beautiful place .
aw , what a beautiful baby ! !
i dont think the car will last
he got a sweet new game !
i am breathless with the beauty of this place !
i despise the people in the city there , me being homeless ; i want to burn it down .
i don ' t think i wanna go on the other side of that fence ! looks scary .
i would be afraid to pick such a beautiful flower .
it is beautiful photograph indeed .
the feature is kind of comical
these kids were exposed to a wide variety of lessons
the starkness of the structure looks unnatural .
look at how neatly the rows are .
hoy ! we should get some really fancy swords for them to wave at this part ! they ' d be sort of expensive , but we could hang them in the livingroom , too , and they ' d look really good . especially if we got a suit or armor to go with them !
thousands of babies protest !
the paper was so thin .
are they ever going to upkeep this grass ? !
the hoops in the ground are a waste of time .
wow . this color makes me want another beer !
vacation photos are always nice .
this looks like a fun event that i ' m not part of .
time to play trazan lol .
listen to the rolling waves glide over the sand . the clear water and soft sand on this beach make it one of a kind .
these kids looks full of life .
what is he going to ask them ?
yes ! i am constantly trying to figure myself out
i bet he can spit real far while he signs !
i would never keep a tree that looks like that in my garden .
care for a swim ?
way to go !
a ride i need
i would wear this dress on any occasion depending on the demand
picture failed in upload
baseball was invented in america , but basketball was invented in canada .
that outfit is standard yet preferred .
who needs all that sand .
this building was probably built to defend our freedom
ugh , this place looks like it would be a hassle to find a good spot to view with all these people talking .
what wonderful costumes worn by two friends having a good time together .
i bet i could do their jobs better than all three of them put together . . .
what a funny black and white picture !
i am so thankful for all of the beauty in this often hard world .
i didn ' t need to see this
looks like art work for people who don ' t know art like me .
i would like to play with that child
what a peaceful place to sit for a while !
i could use this color to make a flying car .
this corner has everything i need to get by
lovely animals all over us
that couple should not be in the street
still trying to figure out what exactly this is ? a bridge and a street light . huh . ok ?
she is really looking kind of psycho .
the actress is beautiful .
do cosplay contests need security now ?
that food looks delcicious . i could imagine all the wonderful feelings of eating it .
a well manicured lawn brings me contentment .
she should pay attention to those kids
looks like another open house . probabably more annoying people shuffling in . we dont want them .
where did all that water come from ?
that just looks too crowded and stressful to me . probably noisy , too !
this looks like the place we used to stop for groceries on our way to our vacation home .
take a few of these and have a night on the town
playtime on the field
what a beautiful photo of flowerd !
the costume got a rise out of the crowd .
what a grand staircase in a nice little town .
the white house has a traitor in it right now .
a house with grass and other plants
this is smooth as silk
definitely nice people , i would trust them
this looks like a science or history trip that i would love to attend , nature is beautiful .
i am sure he is trying hard
the awe of nature is wonderful .
oh my god , what happened to the rest of her hands ? !
i am too timid to ask for a clean spoon .
the eye figure is so very elegnt .
looks like a bunch of old people everywhere .
the only thing more beautiful than this picture is me .
this thing goes zero to sixty in ten seconds .
each facet of this building tells a story you can use to tell your own story .
that ' s one calm looking woman .
i wonder what kind of trees these are
so many fish in the sea , but only one mate for me .
that big light is way too close to those trees . they ' re going to catch on fire , i just know it !
the water is going on shore
yep this is definately where i passed out last week .
schools of fish are so exciting .
i could spend hours looking at the shadow cast by the bike .
that path must be difficult to walk on with heels on !
i bet she would be easy to take down in a fight
i so wish i could visit you and melinda in florida !
the sky looks cooler to me
beaches make me nervous . i dont like the water
two kid are sitting in the chair and relaxing .
this hotel lobby is a bit too simple for my taste .
we shall march to victory !
delightful , i bet this could be a scene of a royal tea party !
what a beautiful amusement park , i love the horses ' wheel
something happened here . we just have to follow the clues .
we totally just won the race .
androids are so much faster than iphones but iphones are way stronger
oh my gosh ! if i have to look at another statue i think i am going to cry !
i will do my best with this .
give me a martini and a beautiful lady on water like that .
let ' s consider the other person ' s opionions , here .
the naked men make me wish i was somewhere in my past .
the balloons bewildered the baby
that would scare me
capturing this landscape in black and white is the ultimate naked appearance of this area .
the pavement here looks pretty uneven .
ive read about those houses
i think it would be ideal to put in a baby ' s room .
romanticism described in one picture .
thats sticking out there .
this guy is enjoying his business .
and then the drone crashes into his head . . .
a sacred place
they don ' t need a walking stick
i think this is a great rustic place .
i want to sail on these ways , today .
i wish this event lasted longer !
mmmmm ! salad ! the cheapest of free eats .
while some may see old and rusted , i see a story to be told with a rich history behind such a lovely object .
i never play golf in anything but red . red is my lucky color . this blue and black would not work for me .
that tree is absolutely astonishing
this whole thing just looks like it would be a blast !
raising awareness and funds
i would love for all of us to be so happy .
this presentation is fascinating . i can ' t stop reading .
mustard makes you think of hot dogs . mustard color is great .
i would want all these things to be in line int he order of their size , they need to be .
birds are such beautiful creatures - their feathers are so light and delicate , their eyes so knowing and wise , and they ' re so graceful in midair .
having all of my finals this week . please save me .
looks like a fun family meet up !
where is all the death and destruction ?
this fire thrower is so courageous .
cactuses are not the most exciting plants and they are slow growers !
what a meaningless image
the crown waited patiently but with great enthusiasm as they waited for the world renowned concert to begin .
if you were 20 years old , i would date you .
who ever tried to make that roof looking thing obviously doesn ' t understand how rain works .
games sometimes give me trouble .
all of those open arches will certainly make for a cold winter !
that must have been expensive back in the day .
she ' s wearing a tiara and gloves . it must be a special occasion of some sort .
music brings out the very best in people
i am so sacred of the other animals .
seriously guys . just pull the rope .
something about that tall building in the back seems like a perfect dramatic attack target were there ever to be a battle here .
an enormous adventure and opportunity .
i don ' t know who reynolds is , but he should probably hire a gardener for his building .
loving , passionate , tender
that truck sure is white , but the red trailer behind it certainly is a different colour .
no picture just a beautiful yellow square
that is one ghetto and dirty neighborhood . where are their tax dollars going ? !
how old is that
live the life as our wish
the relationship between a mother and daughter is more than a bond !
that looks interesting , i ' d get a great conversation from the woman i bet .
why would someone wear that on their head ?
the color of her dress reminds me of a time in college .
the young man walked so arrogantly
i ' m not sure i ' m glad it is spring .
i like how structured the buildings are .
how is anyone supposed to get into the building ? ! i have heard of a white christmas . . . but this ?
score is tied in the last quarter
a night of magic .
i love her big hair . wish mine was like that
the view is absolutely breathtaking , but i do worry about the seclusion .
this make me feel angry
the cold logic of chess appeals to me .
wow , those surfers are so talented .
spending time with friends is critical to have a long term friendship
i ' m sick of this being my view every day
i wonder if those are brains in that dish .
what a lucky person to have a motorcycle
i hate this guy
are these people trying to contact the dead ?
much to blurry to try to read
that guitar pick looks like puke !
well , bless their hearts , they sure tried , but my daughter looks better than this every day .
do the wave kids
two old men in suit
what a beautiful building .
you still owe me 5 bucks
i saw this concert live , it was fun .
some kid is definitely crying over that lost toy
clouds are so fluffy !
must be nice to be able to have such a nice time with all of the suffering in the world .
which state capitol building is this ?
he seems focused on whatever he is looking at .
i don ' t think they should be crossing the street like that .
the picture would be better if i were in it
im shocked at how well those colors actually go together !
oh my god guys i ' m so pumped for the show i have chills
rugged yet sprightly forrest
look at that man  s bicycle trailer . i wonder if he built it himself .
the sky is clear and crystal blue , but what a dreadful day outside .
such lovely grass
this is a ok river , i could go either way it is meh .
i predict that the man in the grey shirt will commit murder .
the cars parked on the street are not the kind of luxury vehicles to which i am accustomed .
i hate traffic .
is there a shadow behind them ? i hope it doesn ' t get them !
i have way more emotion than this guy while performing .
this looks awesome . i can ' t wait until it warms up so i can have some fun in the sun .
this tree is the absolute perfect shape for climbing with all its branches !
dumb lady , what is she smiling about ?
becoming a famous rockstar is the epitome of the american dream .
christmas lights are so ugly . i hate christmas .
this kid is so overwhelmingly happy .
somewhere i will like to visit
i hope all the training paid off , i am looking to do my first race soon , too .
you call that cooking ? it doesn ' t look appetizing at all !
i would love to see that car start driving itself and then transform into optimus prime .
what a nice little royal party we have here
i would clean this up myself to cut back on the cost of paying someone else to do it .
if i was in this bicycle race , i would be so determined to win .
looks like just a boat to me
it ' s good to get the flavor of the local life .
a bug ' s life
a fish sits in the corner , longing for someone ' s touch .
what a lovely rainbow , it just came to brighten all our days
this is a cute little girl that ' s about to get crazy
ill never get out of this traffic !
this is an elegant urban picture .
bet they aren ' t having a very good time .
the did wonderful lighting in these two rooms , we are grateful to have been able to stay here
i hate stairs and they hate me .
it ' s important to understand that race has no scientific basis
that ' s a neat banner . the clouds have such cool dynamic tones .
it looks nice , but the height is intimidating .
that gargolye monument is a little extreme .
their face painting is very well done .
i ' d love to grab that board and catch some waves .
this heated chess battle makes my hair stand on end .
nice teamwork guys !
you guys of course
spring afternoon day
the improv show was good .
that looks like a relaxing atmosphere for a run .
wonderful opening remarks .
i cant wait to do that again myself
is this some type of memorial to someone ? how sad !
what a wonderful building
not everyone can carry rice like that .
couldn ' t someone add a ramp ?
don ' t let the fire burn you
it is a beautiful color
this swamp stinks .
i don ' t like the jericho photo and dim lamp .
that is one tall building .
i wouldn ' t ever donate money or time to these people , it won ' t benefit me
yeah like we haven ' t all seen this image before
good thing you are standing near the edge of the road .
this man is cold !
i don ' t want to argue about flavors .
i would so climb this banner and base jump from the top .
the parents were holding their new baby in an attempt to calm it .
the child ' was being reared by a non - nuclear , non - traditional family .
bet hes a millionair
the birth mother is struggling to regain custody
blue sky fill with poison gasses
stop pushing me near this railing . i could fall off .
on vacation with all these great people .
that ' s shack looks a little weathered .
that ' s a pretty boring paper craft .
oh my god so many colors of thread !
i ' m gonna jump on stage with him
it ' s amazing how everyone can get on the same wavelength like this . i mean , the vibe is so good .
do you think she ' s wearing enough protective equipment ?
i don ' t think i could care even more .
it ' s always great to get an animal head for your wall !
he had a great many questions to ask upon arriving .
i want to dress up like a dragon and take over that castle !
i don ' t think it ' s a very good idea to sit on the railing like that . he may fall off !
i think that packet dropped out of a plane and landed in her fingers perfectly like that .
this is a nice picture .
i bet those kids are going to dig their ways out .
you shouldn ' t swim in there .
these animals are so pretty .
chill out and jump bro .
we all know whats going to happen to these two now : d
those boys are going to have such a fun time !
i hate it . there ' s nothing green . no life .
this is an abstract masterpiece .
not the best airplane to fly in
that doesn ' t look like a nice building to live in
this carrot knows how to tell it how it is !
as i look out the train window , i see the fields of the town i grew up in get smaller . i love coming to my childhood home
reminds me of the character from a bug ' s life , such a good film to sit down and watch with your family around you .
the height of the trees and light on the left throw the entire composition off balance .
eat , go potty , eat , cry , go potty some more . . but can it fetch ?
this is somewhere i want to visit
wonder what ' s going on outside of the meeting
the way the light and shadow play against the stonework is interesting .
when all else fails its amazing to see there is someone for everyone in this world
i am so happy to be in europe and in the old country to get some real gelato !
too many crowds
you are going to need more napkins
theyre probably over drinking
grateful for everything
great nothing building a is that
these people need to make sure that they are making correct choices .
it needs some help
creativity , photography , family
i know people more than anyone you will even meet , and i ' m telling you that lady looks like a nice person .
i wonder who will talk first
what are these guys all staring at ?
what is this
have to wonder if you could free jump off the top if there is a safe landing like those assassins creed video games .
the man on the right is lying
the mechanics power point is so helpful for future knowledge .
she is helping her grandma
what a beautiful day to be traveling , no clouds in the sky and good weather . you could close your eyes and just feel the sun on your back .
i have been to mountains just like these , could not stand it really .
great , another aerial view of boring buildings
this man has a great smile ! he should look at the camera .
the compound is empty
i think it looks ugly
i don ' t know what the heck this even is !
why would they want to walk on such a dreary path ?
strange small delivery truck
nice but you wouldn ' t catch me out there , no way
this is such a cool little place !
best friends in the best places .
my headphones are superior to those .
no one is getting through these appointments quickly .
i can jump over the bridge
it ' s so freeing and relaxing to just run for no reason .
pizza box sledding works best when pulled by a dog !
you may taste this tea !
i like the guy on the right . no wait , i like the guy on the left .
time to party !
there appear to be some forest covered mountains .
it ' s less and less common for children to play outside nowadays ; it ' s refreshing to see one playing outside for once .
i ' d like to know a lot more about the history and people involved in this old building .
we should break into this old shop and find out what  s inside .
what does this graph mean ?
the father should have helped
i absolutely love this shade of green ! it would look amazing on my sofa !
what an astonishing view .
that fifty foot statue will come alive and eat all of those tourists .
it ' s only water i see it when i take a shower
time to get out the lawnmower
i miss living in the big city .
i can break this with my hand
a meeting of the minds
this girl must have some serious upper body strength .
the sky is magnificent
i wish that i was enjoying a nice dinner with my friend like the people in this photo .
i wish i was there !
they need to decorate their room more ; what a bore .
the man looks so happy he could cry !
i hope to own regalia like this in my own collection some day .
juxtaposing her skin color against that makeup along with the dress is amazing , she truly shows her versatility here .
i want my ceilings to look like this in my coffin .
what if that baby model never tasted the water they are posing for ?
get a chair
so proud of the presentation today
this place looks so peaceful
those flowers are literally everything to me !
he should go sit down ; we need guns .
i wish i could stand around all day .
i ' m not so sure i would talk to this guy .
this bird have me feeling like i ' m on top of the world . nothing can stop me !
that looks like a really dumb cow .
if she sprains her ankle in the next thirty seconds she will have to withdraw from the tournament .
this is just horrible .
very simple image
that ' s my baby
she should let him walk .
a nice and quaint view of a lake .
it appears that someone has hung a drum on a building ; how spectacular . what a sight !
the statue seems to be engaged in a religious gesture because of his attire and hand positions
the artwork in the window is very beautiful ! it is very pleasing to look at as well .
we are going to have a nice time . or else .
well that outfit looks comfy , maybe i will get one
there is a staggering variety of sea slugs on the earth , per the latest oceanographic surveys .
this brings back my childhood memories
in the middle of nowhere you ' ll find a country side river running though a maze of hills .
she is so clearly playful and strong in the way she expresses her personality .
maybe we should give him a fan .
i really don ' t care about this girl .
honestly i ' m not sure that looks safe to eat .
this lady has absolutely nothing going on in her head .
his dad could beat up my dad
she has great hair .
the yellow figure in the middle was funny , but had smelly rubber feet
the front is made of nylon
step on it and kill it .
the mystery of this paintings capture my mind
this picture is awful and i would never visit this location .
the only thing this needs is a giant bull fighting ring .
there was nothing more indulgent than the color of the room populated entirely with a shade of blue
what is this guy doing ?
too many lines were seen in the undrawable parts
i love to paint my house in this colour combination
great face ! what ' s happening ? !
that ' s a cute outfit . add a little clip in the baby ' s hair !
the woman is offering $ 100 / hr for her services . please fill out an application at the table .
a road for good skating
i love hockey so much !
why are they just watching those monsters break in ?
your angelic face is glowing in colour and light , streaming in from the windows .
very black camera , must belong to a funeral director
who do they think they are to be so excited ?
his career is going fantastically , what do you think will be the sales numbers on his next album ?
how are they going to get across those logs ?
do you think this is the key to the treasure like in national treasure
her smile reached into my soul . i wonder what she is thinking about .
feels happy now
what a depressing place to live
the lady looks so beautiful with the mask
that ' s a cool color spraypaint .
how is this guy teaching these people ? i should be the one teaching !
those kids look so uninterested , are schools even trying to engage students anymore ? ?
i never get to see things like this i am always at home
photo this for setting calm and cool nice a
i want to smash all of these photos and stomp on them .
what team is this for ? this track looks so familliar , i think that ' s my old school !
vaping is perhaps the safest method of filling up your lungs with cancer .
that ' s a cute looking camera .
i ' m not much of a runner .
i can use all my senses in this scene .
i want some ! ! lol
this chick feels good
a lady with a helmet is posing for the picture .
i could see this guy not using his brain .
very nice lighting
what a girl
they all have their legs crossed haha
it ' s all going to freeze over when the sun goes out !
thats an ugly color
driving this truck through road cones .
interesting looking church with stone walls
driving of the tuk tuks is lethal
the first one is always the best .
this location looks like it has many natural resources to live off of .
this soccer player is concentrating on his next move .
have you ever thought about how crazy life would be if we were railroad hobos ?
the car will bring a smile to fellar ' s face
this child is going to smash the entire model .
that is my man !
1 word . . . werewolves . of course that ' s just one of the many horrors waiting out there on a dark night like this .
those don ' t look fun
that car appears fast
this beautiful skyline reminds me how small i am in the world , but at the same time i know that i matter .
he is jumping
the weather looks bad in this
a carving of a fat woman .
look at this hard working guy keeping our power up and running !
wise to build a building with such sufficient material .
the water is so calm , i wouldn ' t even want to disturb it by taking the boat out .
that dog looks perturbed about his life .
this photo is blurry , but i ' m kinda into it .
the lights on the tree express the lightness and brightness that is inside of his soul .
the sunsets make the clouds glow in outrageous colors .
that looks like it ' s positively okay to me .
that is so heartwarming !
you know what would be crazy ? if one of those horses started riding the other horse .
i will throw all of this out right now .
i wonder how someone set that fire .
tear down those posters , they ' re ugly .
the giraffe had a funny animal smell .
this crowd is the smartest one out there !
this looks like a situation that could get out of control . i hope there are firm rules in place to prevent any mishaps .
what a happy moment ! time to celebrate !
why are they all being lazy ?
the room has a rustic look to is .
nice , i like this pic , just another day in the city .
i doubt he ' s a very good dj .
the tone of the necklace matches her hair !
too much fuss over hair wastes time .
that concert looked amazing
is that a beetle , or a bug ?
what an abhorrent shade of orange they used in for this " art " .
a little stand is quite helpful for local community
the design and stitching of the dolls seem sloppy but has potential .
seeing this beautiful garden makes me want to go out and start my own garden !
i love small towns
her hat is ugly .
waiting to see who gets the most creative award .
i wonder if he ever gets tired of his own fans , or if that is really his persona .
the sunlight fades into the neverending void .
the water must sound very relaxing .
the book club had a pleasant discussion .
quite interesting how these office rooms are packed next to one another in one building !
i really didn ' t care about this dock . so glad they tore it down .
i hope no one is spying on us from one of those towers .
alex is going to have a lot of fun on this trip .
what a delicate little butterfly ; i love such small creatures .
must be a good day to get moving .
that is such a silly picture for this company .
our soccer team is the best in the nation ! they will win the championship this year
all our party members look out for the needs of comrades
blue and yellow
i love the way this color makes me feel
you need to take this child to the doctor !
i wore red so that i could blend in with the marching band .
more fried chicken ,
their boss needs to put them to work .
we have come to show our support to our favorites diver !
who else had a sockembopem when younger
i ' m going to get over my fear of flying finally !
" the clutter of this medicine cabinet is terrifyingly unorganized .
this looks like a fine dining experience .
trails are a good place for a fun date .
such a beautiful sight .
the president of the university of missouri is introverted but still makes attempts to raise money .
i have an urge to push this guy into the water !
this car is completely destroyed ; it must have been inside a terrible car crash , judging by the impact .
i really want that dress
if hogwarts were in a major city , this would be the train to the school
the way you handle that turn is marverlous .
the audience was so enamored with the speaker that they could not take their eyes off of her .
this bush looks like it knows something i don ' t . . . it looks like its smart about everything in the world .
i can ' t deal with pics this blurry and streaked !
i took a way better picture of this site , with the middle pillar actually in focus
he is a complicated man .
* sigh * yeah , great cell tower . now please help my internet go faster than 2mbps
i don ' t like kids personally .
well this pretty much looks like a crime scene . i wonder who ' s in the water .
this image shows some great marketing ! combining soda with rails is something few have thought of and no one ' s tried to market before ! i love it !
i would never play that game .
the beach makes me feel like a real man .
why would anyone not like such a view ? crazy has to be it .
wow that looks like a great show !
nothing wrong with the view
meditating on my walk home after work
i ' d rather bow to a solder ' s statue
if i were her , i wouldn ' t be caught dead in that outfit .
he ' s so cute .
the story behind this massacre must be intense
religious things are a thing of the past .
he wants to check his pee - mail .
these shoes aren ' t in style , but i ' ll wear them anyway !
i just absolutely love green , it is so in right now ! fave color !
the dessert plants are so starved from lack of water it ' s sad
which couple won the lottery ?
wow i would love for someone to create this setting in the sand for me .
this looks like it ' s set off just east of center street .
i ' d love to see that duck grow up and raise a family there .
there ' s no way this is going to get anything productive done . everyone there should stop wasting time and just leave .
beautiful day , blue skies and sunshine
i hate flying it makes me see red !
bad so feel i thing poor
look at that dog just laying there doing nothing .
i bet the rolling stones are playing there !
there is no running allowed
i bet that little boy was all over that dance floor crushing it ! you go !
that sky is basically just the ocean covered in piles of cotton .
the bottle gives off a cruel image .
long distance running is a great sport for people of all types . everyone can go their own pace , and the health benefits help us later in life .
why are they here ?
who in there right mind would want to cross that damaged thrown together little bridge
ok , two women what is the point here ?
peace out to you too brother !
beautiful piece of art
ahhh , the intricacies of mountain climbing .
music is transcendence
oh look , another cyclist taking up the whole road .
the stick above the clouds
the red and blue bird makes me proud of my country .
all those trees . . . i bet it would be so easy to get lost .
i can ' t imagine dressing like this when i ' m in the boardroom with my ceo .
the view is striking and take your breath away .
unto thee i grant the gift of flight !
is she supposed to be a mode or something ?
informal lunch at quiet restaurant
lovely fixer - upper - could become anyone ' s dream home
it really is a metaphor for the human condition - on the outside looking in .
the landscape is very welcoming .
wow look at all that beautiful nature in one place . i wish i had that in my back yard it is so pretty .
simply remarkable photo
i hope the deer died of natural causes
love the small fall
that dog is furry .
i should definitely pull the fire alarm ! it will give me some attention that i ' ve been craving .
what a great picture ! i would love to visit here !
i woud love to free run here
smart good better
he ' s kinda cute .
this seems like a quiet place to visit .
if i climb those trees , i won ' t have to speak to anyone today .
they look surprised to see something !
is he at a funeral ?
i cannot see the baby
can you find waldo ? where ' s waldo ?
that ' s so dangerous ! what if a baby fell in that hole ?
it looks lovely but what is the reason we need all of these trees ?
it would be a shame if this hood was pooped on
i love her dress and i love this dance but why is they guy not wearing shoes ?
i worry for the health of that man and his future if he continues down his current path .
the railway tram owns that street and people better get out of the way when it is coming down the block .
what a disgusting celebration , i hate how happy they look .
those flowers had me thinking that i was going to see a different kind of ceremony .
loving the light fixture above the girl in blue !
hey buddy , you ' re supposed to paint the truck white , not the walls . you aren ' t a house painter
this picture looks like it was taken in italy , am i right ?
oh , is that the moon ?
women is beautiful
i ' m sure they ' re discussing something important about the previous play .
wish i could throw one of these through the window .
the sharpfaced dull fly just sat there .
i wonder how much these fish can be sold on the market ?
looks like someone ' s ready to let rip !
not sure what i am next for ?
this is a pretty boring photo to be honest .
i knew i was sophisticated it just took others to realize it .
i love how mount fuji rises just right in the background !
ah the soviets , unfinished business with them i have
that pub looks interesting . what city could this be ?
maps remind me of the good days when i was studying geography
wow , that is just such a charming jug !
this is an old building .
are those fishing poles on top of the boat ?
these two look like they are ready to party !
i ' m worried he ' s going to fall down the stairs .
she almost looks as good as me !
the israeli kids have it wonderful - - they get to color in coloring books all day . what a life !
i always do appreciate the look of a man in a hat .
digging that red shirt and plaid shorts .
such a cute billy goat , i would love to have one as a pet . i would play with it everyday .
hard work will always pay off !
i am ready to go play !
i have never worn those types of socks , buti bet they are comfy !
crashing water creates a transparent mist around the falls .
these leaves are great for basket - weaving . well , now that i think of it , maybe they are not .
that cake is just too much !
this so reminds me of supper times in the country
i am not sure how that animal is able to survive in those water
this dog is wondering if his owner still loves him or ever did .
what an interesting pattern . i wonder what it means .
i wonder how many people have fallen to death off that wall .
race cars were always fun when i wasa kid
the music wasn ' t turning on .
sure is a nice sight . out in the wide open . dont get that image easily out in a big old city .
this looks like every other modernist minimalist whatever art /
looks like my place after someone has tried to excape
love any activity that takes place in the great outdoors .
i would be out there winning all those games .
a bit of fun after the company meeting
why is she strapped in ?
i planted this tree for you .
those are some very high end shoes
i could paint a beautiful room with this .
i want to run on the ground like i have no worries and am more carefree than ever
he looks like he ' s about 6 months old .
i want to play with that dog .
why is it so dark in here ? the window is open and it ' s sunny out .
oh oh ! i have high heels on !
girl scout cookie season is upon us ! i can ' t wait to buy all of my favorites
making it to the top of the mountain is only half the journey .
i hope this car cannot be fixed , and gets crushed .
the pollen in the air must be crazy ! i ' d have to use my nose spray ever minute
look at that beautiful family of trees .
that man is laying a good tackle on that other man .
they look like they work on power lines .
i would look so good sitting up there !
something about this makes me want to run up in there jon snow style . i wanna see what this is about .
i love the motion of the statue
would this be too long aof a drive every day ?
friends are the best
it ' s time for head to head combat .
just waiting for my ride . no worries . it wasn '
his cheerful manner belied his real feelings .
sourdough bbq burger
this is where my wedding will be
what a perfect view ! this would be an ideal place to vacation !
he could lean closer to the ground on these turns .
this pool is as empty as my soul .
these would look great in a bouqet of roses .
looks like a fun video game , i wonder what it is
the picture brings out the history of the place with the lion in the foreground .
i ' d love to just get on a train like that and go somewhere else . try a new life , be a new person , do something different .
the construction is really off .
wow ! this album cover is amazing ! i can ' t take my eyes off of it ! i need a copy of this to hang in my room ! ! !
death will come to all .
i hope to play guitar this well one day .
this landscape looks interesting . i ' d love to learn more about it .
how is it possible that there are two people on that tiny scooter ?
man this is so fun
day 19 of my tiring trip , this is somewhere , but i don ' t remember where .
the earth is not really much to look at
the trees were placed so well around that little red house
great i fell down the side , how am i suppose to get back up ? !
singing in prayer songs
they will re - build !
money dirty of colour the like look that
it was the last time this species would ever thrive again .
i wish i could be drawing this piece , i could make it really something else .
that bread , or chicken , ; p looks good
this art looks so cool !
i showed up to hike here , but the scenery wasn ' t very interesting .
i just want to set up a beach chair and take in the scenery .
must be a casual meeting .
i haven ' t eaten anything all day and i can ' t help but crave this food , wish i was there !
yeah , i do this everyday . i ' m used to it .
someone needs to walk with that dog .
i could stay here forever and try everything again and again
vegas and mini ' s . can ' t afford either .
are they cooking in a propane tank ?
i can probably hop on these poles with my skateboard !
why does this group look like they are bored ?
i tried to look smart and say this was the mona lisa above me , then i dove behind sis for protection .
that creature is stealing the m ! don ' t just stand there , do something !
no way i would do anything like that
wondering what is across the sea .
quit mansplaning to that woman .
that looks unappetizing .
would have rather been on the beach
i would never order such a large amount of beverage in a glass like that ! gaudy .
i miss the school trips i used to have !
simple , multi - use utensil .
the sculpture is very precisely carved
looks like my kind of place to hunt .
what a profound photo .
that ' s no way to build a house
the service for the fallen hero was heart - wrenching .
hate fighting but love to watch .
where did you get this photo of the socks my aunt gifted me ?
such nice windows
i ' ve got a place just like that if anyone wants to come visit sometime .
i think this robot is going to purposely knock over the display .
something bad happened there
i don ' t want to see vegetables unless they ' re ready to eat .
oh , my god ! you are such a bad driver !
i would have focused more on the trees than that sculpture .
i know this swamp must be filthy
i love this photo ! so many interesting implications .
the bugs are togethere
i would love to watch the city from the bridge
huh , a bunch of leaves an sticks and dirt .
could be holiday lights , could be birds . . . who knows .
meh . it ' s all right .
the motion capture of this is really good .
aw what precious sight ! the delicate berry on a branch !
that man should not be on his laptop outside !
as i sit on the bench behind me is a colorful sunset . in front of me lies a path that i ' ll now take .
what a odd statue for the man .
these beautiful homes must cost a fortune !
wow , the symmetry of this image is really amazing .
a big pile of green leaves .
the land doesn ' t look forgiving .
the air balloon is not high .
deep sea diving is awesome !
shouldn ' t this person be on the right side of the road ? what if a car was coming ?
the face paint is gross , needs to look better .
i ' d love to drive this care for a nice relaxing trip down memory lane .
there is an extremely high level of fine detail in the architecture of this building .
this stuff is the greatest ! i ' m going to try all of it !
i want to get away and relax here
run puppy , the elephants are coming !
hehehe i want to climb in there and pretend i am flying it
wearing sunglasses indoors are just so cool
you would never guess the temperature of this place .
a 3 year old baby made this
what a beautiful color . . . would like to have hair this color .
but , is she really happy ?
so so cute
what a wonderful site
sing it john denver !
i ' d take the lead in this picture .
i ' d love to play fetch with this dog .
oh , i wish i could participate in whatever hes doing ! he ' s so cute , and whatever it is looks like fun ! you need helmets ! i love helmets !
a young bride and her husband , young and in love .
very few people look good in costumes .
the paint brush is a captivating memory
a fall from that high up would definitely kill you .
it was a very dim lit room .
i know how to push up
those stamps all look the same to me , why would anyone want to collect them ?
i don ' t want to drive anymore
love the decor in this picture .
ah , such a beautiful place on a beautiful day
a beautiful evening !
this looks like a good spot for some team building .
i am excited about this item
i feel as though i could use that system for more than video games .
that view is dull
looks like a killer
wtf . who has authority over this ?
the cat looked as if she knew a tragic secret .
i remember having food like this before .
lets climb up
it ' s more effective when you actually put it on .
a pretentious shade at best this lime green square is best suited for a green screen background and little else than that .
awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i thought at first these were some action figure type toys : )
this totally looks a contemporary chilean film that everyone must see !
dplitter a or curveball a or ball fast a be to going it is
why can ' t the fools who litter ever bother to look down at their own mess !
awesome model ! we should have a robot battle !
i hope this ferry takes me to puget sound .
wow , this really shows how big the world is and how small we are .
i wouldn ' t help her either . .
a dynamic company logo on top of the weird shaped building
i used to like cows , and now i dont , well maybe a little .
the kids are respectful of the grown ups .
i could probably climb the side of that building .
he looks bored , and not properly attired .
i love the look of brick on older buildings .
i am not very connected to any color , or anything for that matter so purple is of no consequence to me .
i may consider buying this property if the price is right .
i can ' t believe how depressive this kid looks .
another ad for a ring movie ?
he should not be that close to the tracks
i hope there a glass between his face and the insect .
her joke is very amusing
i mean , it ' s a blue square . but what is blue , really ? do we see colors the same or is your blue actually what i consider purple ? who invented the word blue ? i like turtles .
i would love to see that lighthouse
is this the great wall of china ?
i love looking at him
they stood in harmony , two as one , the same height and even coloring , only a gender apart . they were as fated to be . . . together .
i love colors , they be the true meaning of relaxation .
the open door beckons to me . the prancing pony awaits . perhaps it will speak to me .
what is going on here . . .
this here engine gets mine going
am i looking in or is someone else looking out ?
streams give so much life .
that kid has been running to much .
yes , i have been faster then my friend .
those colors are so inspiring ! pastel pink and yellow are so beautiful together .
i would never fly that thing
what an odd view . i cant make out the houses or stairs .
i ' m glad his parents let him sit and dress how he wants in order to express himself .
why are they always missing the other cat from hello kitty ? she wore blue overall ' s . i liked her better .
dinners like these reminds me of my grandmother ' s wise yet funny comments about life . .
i see tongues everywhere . tongues , tongues , tongues , tongues , tongues .
the purple blends in with the white so well , and the petals are so clear you can count them .
this man or woman is confused .
it really bums me out that i wasn ' t there .
the face paint reminds me of halloween .
transportation by train has certainly evolved from its bygone days ; simply because the train became a comfortable and quicker way to travel . certainly keep the windows closed to avoid the ash and soot , but that is a scenic way to travel !
the table looks eager to have fun .
i would be so thankful to have a motorcycle like that , it least it will get me to where i have to be .
i want to be on the bridge
wow , good thing this guy has his thumb up so we know he gives this landscape his seal of approval .
a group of truly warm , beautiful humans
i dont like this picture
maybe i will take my tonka trucks to the beach
oh no ! i hope her eye is alright .
a beautiful reminder of scottish enlightenment .
i remember when i went to college here and met the love of my life
oh my gosh , that car is imense ! it mjust go soooooo fast . it ' d be great to drive !
i could make a beautiful piece of art with these tires .
just keep on talking to whatever in our mind .
is this at night ? boating in a canal seems really dangerous at night .
the train was going to be too slow so we think we ' ll parachute to the bottom of this mountain .
those birds really need to get up and move .
that could be some cancer speech
where did you get those shoes ?
he must be trying to hide in the dark .
waiting on mr . perfect to propose to me here . . .
i love this city only if my nation could be in this state
to a divine unveiling
i love the way they smile .
it ' s a lovely day for a walk .
i don ' t think this crowd will enjoy michelle wolf
this is a very bad photo
i wonder where his mother is ! ?
the animation is not well done
what is that thing ? that would be the perfect gross thing to sneak under my brother ' s pillow ! ha !
where is this plane going
nice view but the view out my backyard is no doubt way more beautiful .
why is there no one sitting in the chairs ?
i guess you can take my picture .
she doesn ' t have a very honest smile .
this is one of the longest bridge
what a sight to see
it looks like someone died here
this reminds me of death
i bet i could scale the sides of those cliffs with very little equipment because i am very brave and an excellent rock climber .
the battle of the books has now begun !
it ' s always a downer when these girls show up
this definitely looks similar to stonehenge . conspiracy ? !
i feel i need to introduce myself to this lovely sea creature .
i ' d like to buy those ladies a drink !
this dapper fellow is definitely plotting something
mickey always follows the boating safety rules and wears his life vest .
i think i need to check the engine again even though i already checked it like 5 times
this seems to be such an amazing bathroom . i could imagine doing fancy things on the counter .
i remember like it was yesterday that i was walking my daughter down the isle .
the top is on crooked
so dangerous but im too shy to say anything
i remember doing this with my kids .
a rock sculpture is shown in the picture
wouldn ' t it be nice if everyone could have this loving relationship ?
i have a bad feeling that something will jump at us any minutes here .
the view is absolutely breathtaking .
would you like a sample beverage ?
these animals look so well rested and relaxed ready for anything
the food looks calming .
i told you to put your bike away
shelf beautiful crafted well a such on antiques old
that dumb kid is going to spill that cup .
history films were highly more cerebral when filmed in black and white
these ladies have no style
this man is a great singer but i do not understand the hype
that cat doesn ' t want a bat on it ' s back .
i am certain she will make a goal .
this is a scholar university .
the decor in the middle hanging is very heavy
nothing like a good old day relaxing in the ocean .
these guys are probably talking about a case they just lost or something ! hahaha !
how do those people make themselves blurry like that .
that is an outrageous amount of pink .
my feet smell and are sweaty . off with the socks and shoes .
i hope they can walk ok in those flip flips . ouch !
i want to run along the path and see what surprise it hides .
the caption is so big
her soulless eyes burn through you
just a normal meal for me
the atmosphere is vivacious .
so , what kind of weird building is that ?
i like old trains .
yea yea polishing the blue old car .
i would hate to post on that board
looks like birds - and more birds !
i ' d love to flock in these flowers freely .
what a nice stretch of road .
i wouldn ' t being at disney either .
i am bored !
the way that statue is posed sure does make me laugh .
i want to ride this bicycle on a sea
the animals are bonding like all creatures tend too
this area is gorgeous , i will have to find some lovely woman to walk along this beach with me .
a plate of food is shown in the picture .
what is the purpose of these birds ?
something about the way this is shot is mesmerizing . i need to know where this was taken . which country or city or state at least , it looks so nice there .
i would hate being on rollercosters . too scarey
is chola even indian
only thing better than a pianist is a pianist with a unicorn .
haha , wish i was there too , drinking some booze !
the tanks look boring .
these people are risking their lives to help many .
what a night for scaring everybody with a bomb scare .
! him love i ahh man looking cute a such
i think the structure is wonderful .
nice cliff to push somebody off of
life is just like this drink , not deep enough
she looks like someone made her happy .
i wonder what song they are playing ?
these geese are absolutely wonderful !
this is an airplane .
this is such a beautiful place for the movie
what a great day !
we all pass eventually
i can ' t decide .
i dont care that i am an adult , i love this !
i ' d love to do my 3 mile jog up and down through this tunnel .
i have never seen anything like this is life
what ? why would you double park a mercedes like that ?
looks like a hot day to be carrying that around .
pretty blue trucks are nice .
that car is going so slow . i would hit the pedal to the medal forget the crowd .
it ' s amazing how skilled some kids can be in sports . this girl looks so balanced handling the soccer ball . she makes it look so easy .
i was always good in hockey , i would be out there cheering .
i wear shoes on the beach because you don ' t deserve to see my feet .
i find the untouched beauty very appealing !
just an ordinary flower
the instructor leaves disparaging remarks on the graded test .
thats cute how they are going a trip
the alignment is strange
the well dug out canal had well spawned breath - ways underground , giving this pict
i wish i could skydive from that tallest building .
ready to play in ground
the floor plan for this castle left one very important thing out : there is no bathroom .
the two men stop to have a conversation
i would be so worried that fell on me
the stick is used to fend off defenders .
along riding bike his on guy a it ' s
he is such a cute little boy
now that is freedom !
i wonder if this guy is doing this for money or just because he want s to ? either way he looks passionate about his music .
first quarter in the cup has to drink the barrel
later , we ' ll trash the other school ' s gym because we can !
this is very nice
this reminds me of the place i met my wife .
the peaceful water makes me feel like i could be part of the canyon it ' s flowing through . it ' s like i could reach out and run my fingers along the rocks .
this is a building i visited on my amazing trip to the orient .
these are hideous actors performing atrocious choreography .
just go with the flow and be smooth just like a butterfly .
how do they find running fun
the man is wondering .
the water in front of the duck is so calm and still . . . it ' s quite the metaphor .
this photo is nice .
i wonder which one of them would buy me flowers for my birthday !
the students are standing by the river and learning about their city .
who does that ? i ' d never lay down on gross waiting area seats !
wow , you ' d never see something like that outside of america .
the image would be more pleasing if all the shutters were either open or all closed .
what a fun place to go ! those woman look so interesting !
i have magnified this image as high as it will go and i still have no idea what it is .
silly text between silly people .
i would literally do anything for one of those . i want one so bad !
i wonder what the full moon would look like there
what kind of truck is that ?
i wonder if she ' s singing a jazzy song . i am not a fan of jazz , but don ' t mind it every now and then .
i would love to include these beautiful bell - shaped flowers in a bouquet to a girl i love .
party big a at bonfire a like nothing
best thing about life is seeing young giraffes roam free .
i want to go back the the olympic venue and relive my victories .
those are beautiful animals dealing with a difficult situation . they are an inspiration .
cool tourist site
omg i love little flufferdoos ! that little one has almost no meat on his bones . i wish i could take him home and feed him right .
i have a better hairstyle then him !
this large boat does not look like a passenger charter .
i could do a mean leap over that railing .
oh how cute , it makes me want to snuggle .
lights going dim
oh look , all the people are at the concrete beach again .
sea view with old railing
the car turned the corner so fast it nearly tipped over !
what is the point of these things , i don ' t get it
this reminds me of my childhood
mother nature guides us .
graduations are great places to take photos of people ' s expressions !
the colors of this fish would make for a great suit .
the snow is so deep
all the men want to be him , and the women want to be with him .
the lights and trees make this a perfect place to be
the style of that picture would match my drapes .
honored to be here alongside merlin at the maritime museum
that guy is always out there taking people ' s pictures ! i ' m so tired of it . . .
what a wonderful shade of green !
this color is much too dull .
that flag is just a flag , it doesn ' t mean anything .
that is such a scary water
cool picture buddy .
my oh my ! those flowers look exq !
blue is a good color to knit for a baby boy .
the picture is green , the heck .
! suoveen oot ton si remmiws eht epoh i i
he looks so tranquilized
what a beautiful photo . the photography is just amazing and what a gorgeous city ! i would love to visit this beautiful place !
i want to sit away from everyone .
vacation time . let ride our bikes all day on this street until nightfall .
this tree is crazy unique .
the sign says " look " , but what does the song say ?
blast it out of the park !
i wonder if those dudes know each other ?
those are a lot of stairs !
the cold drink should not be near the hot candle .
the man looks like a thief
we dont have this in the country
a building built in a great nation
well at least they are cleaning up .
well , that is a lot of lights !
green is such a bad color for baby clothes , i ' d argue that parents should stick to more common colors .
i think i can see something in the distance
she looks way too fat in that dress
what a wonderful structure . i would love to take all of my friends on a sightseeing tour to see it .
the old structure had personality that could not be seen by the naked eye .
that ceiling looks very priceless .
entering areas where few have traveled is one of life ' s greatest experiences .
the statue brings back memories that make me feel good inside .
i just want to jump in this !
so very creative
mmmm , i love contemporary art . disagree on a piece , but the conversation reveals a lot about your date .
food looks yummy !
i get very emotional around water .
the morning is quiet and serene . ,
this car is ugly , i don ' t like it .
elon musk ' s house
i don ' t see how this is okay !
what an amazing show of spirit for your country ' s athletes to hold the torch .
that is a lot of hot sauces !
i could scale this wall in no time flat .
the grass will wither but its beauty is forever .
why is a child dressed as i bride ? who is doing her make up typhoid mary ?
why is she looking this way .
the design of this piece of furniture is beautiful . so luxurious !
the shirtless guy is so dreamy . i wished i had to the chance to meet him .
i wonder how many people are in this photo . i must count them !
next time this happens , remind me to get my picket sign too !
they have to do a better job with signs in this place .
the tree knows instictively where exactly to extend its branches to get the job done !
this is really an ice sculpture
i ' m all for the separation of church and state but i can still appreciate the use of angelic figures in our country ' s architecture ! ! !
he seems comfortable .
it ' s absurd how unpleasant one girls looks .
i just don ' t see why people believe in god , when this is clearly man made intricacy .
the walls look like they ' re creeping in .
such a great structure and example of mans accomplishments and then this ugly dork steps in front of the camera and ruins the whole thing .
this would be a beautiful painting
this is so dangerous ! i hope they ' re staying safe , they ' re not dressed appropriately !
who cares anyway
steam engines never interested me .
an owl on a stump
what an amazing shot , the colors are so vivid and striking that it brought tears to my eyes !
where is this guy even going ?
in the corner of the photo , there is a glimpse of another person .
could it be a snail ? or a loaf of bread ?
rolling in my go kart with some flair !
justs acting out a bit
ugh . so . . . . flat .
a lot of red in this
this is a family birthday celebration .
he will speed better if he lean forward
the early morning sunrise combined with the morning mist makes for a very mystical view .
not a great army
wow i can ' t remember the last time i saw a corner that empty haha
the white swan ignores the black swan - - so typical .
i really like the shape of that house
i know i ' m right about politics .
this may or may not be interesting to watch .
innocent little girl
they ' ll be a lot of people that will pay big bucks to see this , so keep the cameras rolling !
this flower has magic powers ! !
what a beautiful couple !
the bird studied the sky .
i could make a much better glove balloon than that . i know that i ' m the best at glove balloons .
don ' t i look like a million dollar ride !
he looks like a bad speaker , i should take over .
i can just picture how beautiful this would be if we put some lovely statues and planted flowers around the fence . i am going to think of some innovative ways to jazz this place up .
hope i dont get pee on my shoes
i would love to sky dive there !
looks like a happy day , i wonder what they are smiling at .
this is a very flattering picture !
that looks like a pretty clean pigeon .
i ' m comforted here
what a sweet baby .
his tie is a mess , real businessmen wear solid color ties
i will look like this someday
the noise from fireworks makes me on edge
this building looks very advanced and modern .
should cover uncooked meat
a little sentiment for steve irwin .
this particular shade reminds me of a toy in my younger years , i cant quite put a finger on the name though
this could be so much more than just a lift , it could be an office too .
a lovely woman promoting something great
i definitely have clothes more expensive and stylish than that man .
the rooms are so big
this looks crusader - era .
this view is so beautiful i want to cry .
that doesn ' t work .
what a beautiful and insightful picture
oh look shes laughing so hard she can hardly contain herself
hope she loses this race .
i ' m impatient with brochures and instructions . get to the good stuff , you know ?
how neat that they even match their stance .
it is helpless
no one is interacting with one another , that ' s weird and strange at the same time .
although these products make claims to clear your complexion , i think it ' s all just a ripoff .
! sad os to look they run to getting people those all at look yay oh
i dont think those chairs are comfortable
is that the best he can do ? seems slow .
wow look at those clouds
i ' m ready to strap one of these on and go .
that penguin looks like it wants a fight , i ' ll fight it !
a dry land but good
i ' m always like the guy in the back . never the center of attention .
my trees don ' t have fungus like yours .
dark colors give me energy .
can you think of an inappropriate metaphor for this ? i can .
i read about this flower
i ' d be a much better goalkeeper than this one . sign me up .
if you want to grow those right , then you ' ll have to read more .
i could drink that water
yuck ! that scares me .
i wonder how much those fruits cost .
please remove all the weeds .
these people must have just finished a long run . i wonder if they ' ve overcome other challenges ?
what if those were all self driving cars and started attacking people ?
i would feel way too claustrophobic at this , no way i would attend .
i ' ve often strolled around in gardens such as these . i don ' t have one near me , but they ' re a great way to pass an hour to two .
who cares about sports
it ' s cute and all but seriously no one cares about your baby photos but you .
the flowers are dry and the plants need to be watered
i wish i had that sweater ; i love the colors .
let ' s cruise , let ' s cruise , let ' s cruise ! i ' m driving ! ! !
blue is not bland , it is vivacious
clicking a pic giving a pose
the buzz of city lights just makes me feel energized !
this looks like some sort of musical thing is occurring .
yellow is a color screaming stop quickly
do some clever tricks
this is about the clouds in the sky . i ' m serious about this we need to take care of it .
and what a beautiful symmetry nature shows us , even in its most unseen places .
i can sleep on this road before the trailer comes
everything looks closed up in this town .
those colors look crazy .
wowo they are talented
what a beautiful scene ; i hope that couple is enjoying the weather
i am not sure why there is a cat dangling above hot coco . but i want hot coco .
after his amazing speech , he pondered . he wondered if his words would reach the audience .
it must be so cool to get a camera like that these days ! ! ive always wanted one so bad ! !
i ' m going to have to pull every single blade of grass in the middle of the road
there isn ' t a need for a panel . they should just ask for my opinion . no one else matters .
that is an ugly type face to use as a headline .
the soul of nepal is beautifully shown in this picture , which creates a feeling of tranquility in the viewer .
this makes you remember has dramatically different it use to be .
this music give me life
venice is weird .
this is a wooden house .
the buildings stand in perfect harmony to the bright , blue sky surrounding them .
this is nice .
i need to tint my windows bro .
what is about to happen could be very bad !
that ' s not a real dog
the sad child looks on , stoic and concerned
found . . . the perfect place to propose to my girlfriend .
there must be the most sensational hoard of pirate treasure down there
this fantastic art piece deserves a spot on my wall !
shouldn ' t these people be at work ?
these are ok beers but there are much better microbrewed beer that are much better quality for the same price .
that ' s my kind of animal , sturdy and takes no guff from anybody .
um , is this a man or a woman ?
i hope the wind blows like no other and knows this thing down !
thats a great place for anyone !
it can be difficult when dealing with an elderly parent
i would love to drive this car down a huge hill !
there is a house on a hill
they really worth the award
the spotlight would need to be on me in all situations
a neutral lipstick might not have been the best choice here .
i am so stoked to hike up this moutain into these clouds !
seems like a regular tree
he seems talented .
this meeting doesn ' t look promising .
very bad composition
i can run better
i ' m feeling it
they a dressed really nice
let us race along the shore for the fun of it .
that ' s a pretty nice looking building .
e400 could be made more aero dynamic
you need to get hurry
the repair crew has arrived , but how long will it take ?
what a gorgeous setting for an elegant outdoor affair .
whats the point of building roads ? they always crumble . . .
puts things in its place
i wonder how many ducks there are
i asked the guy in the green jacket who he thought he was . he answered with , " gnome body you know ! "
the lake looks so serene .
what an awesome design !
unexpected things happen when the lights go down .
i am so excited to watch the hockey game .
i am obsessed with this view
the bleacher soutstretch the line of the entire dome , giving structure to the whole compositor of the player field
what serenity in this scene !
i would love to ride my bike across the country
this is a great picture , thank you !
pretty soon all this will be lost to erosion
what an awesome trail !
i wonder what sorts of ingredients are in that , makes you want to elevate ones cooking skills . .
i have no idea if that ' s the building i ' m suppose to go to .
the crowd looks so excited to be there . everyone is proabably having a good time
i ' m so scared that man is going to take all of his clothes off !
wow ! ! ! this is awesome ! such a huge fan !
ahh , i hope i get married one day . .
is everyone white on these pictures ? must be a bunch of racists . . .
those people are crazy , i would never go anywhere near solders , i ' d be afraid i ' d get hurt !
this seems like the morning light through the trees calling the birds to come out with songs .
glad i didn ' t go to that .
morning has broken
that ' s a nice looking city .
it looks like this bullfighter is going to get away this time , but some day his luck might run out .
looks like a choir of some sort that is practicing .
i love the color of those blue fountains
this place is chill . i feel relaxed .
i hate the snow . when will winter end !
i want to see the picture .
the ducks have not been well lately .
how precious that new building will be !
what a boring color !
is she laughing or crying ?
what great heights this structure is sitting at ! it looks so high up !
i really like the outfit they chose for the kid here .
pick your nose also
julie , where did you get those towels , they look so soft .
these folks thinking they need fancy gear just to go outside , ha !
let ' s get our water guns and spray some dorks .
reminds me od alice in wonderland looking down while being so tall .
noone came out for the festival
up up and way in my big red and white plane .
ummm , no , little boy . you have your cars lined up all wrong .
this can ' t be good
this image shows how life can bring you to a cross road where a choice can be made .
these birds look very regal .
it ' s that time of the year for the annual face - mask festival .
what a nice family photo !
the harsh font makes feel angry .
i wonder if he has farted recently . . .
are these people just making others wait for them to finish their photos ? how rude .
this is insane ! look at those colors and the way the street is so dark and intense , whoah
what a nice place they have , right on the water .
sharing a drink with friends is one of the true joys in life .
i think it looks disgusting all different colors .
i would love to be in that cockpit !
muahahahaha . this is me in twenty years .
look at these penguins . they ' re so boring .
in playground with my dad
this tree is magnificent and unique .
i wonder how long it took for someone to go and plant all the seeds on this mountain ?
there is something amazing in how far humanity has come in the few short years since inventing the telescope .
i want to get under the leaf
no roller coaster can bother me !
we met the man !
someone doesn ' t have any architectural taste , when i finish building my house it ' s going to be the polar opposite of this .
here are some flowers
is that a cat peeking out under the bed ?
this area where the sand is at needs something done with it .
she looks trashy
the trees there look very well made .
hmm . what is that ? and what ' s it doing ?
the relaxed life
a small struggling town
he will be missed : (
i would buy all of these
these kids are truely our future !
heh . . . bridges are nice . . . i like the water view .
that guy is writing the world ' s largest book .
why are their clouds ?
it is funny to see this team kick the other team in the head with the ball .
i ' m so proud of those hardworking men . i hope they enjoy a sweet meal when they finish .
he is quite adorable
the old architecture is beautiful !
there ' s a big dome , surrounded by smaller domes . i might venture a guess and say that it ' s a church .
oh yeah , that looks real nice . . . even though i don ' t like it .
fields like these are where all of us must eventually be buried when we die .
an lone blossom on the brisk
very pretty girls !
what if he doesn ' t like the book ?
i don ' t know what this is a picture of and i couldn ' t care less .
the guy on the right is a lunatic .
running is very meditative
when you want 20 flowers in one .
an older place makes think about history .
the couple looks okay .
i don ' t think the " do not cross " line is clear enough to prevent someone from getting hurt . . .
i really like her leggings here .
i wonder how old that tree is
what is that flying through the sky ?
looks like early cave drawing
looks like a peacful ride
ah , the desert landscape reminds of of my days as a kid when we would run around for hours and play . those were the days .
hurry ! someone jump off that thing .
no one is that happy after birth ! its called post - partum depression lol
i wonder if that bell rings really loud . i don ' t like loud noises !
what a cute baby .
fire helped man get this far
i could get lost in the clouds
i wonder what is over the hill ?
oh my , i  ve never seen such a fancy contraption !
he looks like he would speak his mind .
this looks scary
very funny face with a loose canon .
no way i could go up and talk to her
i thought on this picture of jumping off onto the water but i got scared , of getting my clothes wet .
i understand the imagery , so special and beautiful , a display of the one true sacrifice .
grandma is always there for me !
those shirts they have on look weird .
i wonder if the flight is worth the smog .
can anyone tell what is this ? this looks beautiful
we ' re so fortunate to live in a place where fresh fruit is widely available .
lets ralley and be heard
look at those idiots , they have nothing else to spend their money on than watching a sports game .
such a beautiful old woman ! ! !
dragonfly lifecycles are one of the most unique ones .
psh , can ' t even afford grass
how tall is this grass ? could you hide in it ?
the amazing tower stands tall like a cone
a flower is so relaxing .
go ahead and ask away .
the water was so beautiful we just had to stop for a picture .
that van is as lovely as the quilt my mother made me which i cherish .
i don ' t like this !
this meeting seems culty .
he looks like he forgot his lyrics .
everyone smiled , but the one guy second from the left . hate when that happens .
i don ' t have time to bother with this .
it ' s a very old sports model and it ' s a police car
just an ordinary teen learning a lesson .
the children were at the museum to learn interesting facts about world history .
american football is so much more entertaining .
all he needs is blue , and he will be wearing my favorite . red white , and blue . i < 3 the usa !
he hasn ' t got much longer .
can ' t they even get their streets straight ?
wonderful fireworks shown and it is very cool to watch
these fireworks were out of this world tonight !
this shade of yellow reminds me of the last time i changed a diaper .
sing it to us !
are you too wussy to be in the sun , sweetpants ?
what ever happened to that vehicle ? they probably deserved it .
the shoreline shown here appears to be ridden with small shells and light gentle waves .
love the cleanliness !
that looks like it will fall and hit someone .
i wouldn ' t display this at my place of business .
ready for an adventure !
he has no life whatsoever
i can rarely go out for a bite like this without taking my work with me .
this place looks amazingly well made . i would like to take friends there to show it off .
protests like these , often lead to unnecessary violence ( as seen in this photo ) .
anyone who chooses to live this close to water is an idiot .
i am neither turned on or off .
carny food is terrible .
oh wow , i really like this font . it looks like a lot of fun
a fine color for wine or a throw rug
i would not put out these decorations
i make the same face when i poop
look at that majestic water and the reflection , it is a sight to behold .
i love being close to the water on a warm day .
i love to know their mother
what a little imp ! i bet he keeps his parents busy , little tike !
those trees look like they would reach out grab you !
where are the guardrails on these steps ? !
banksy really gets around !
time to try something new !
it just makes me so mad that there aren ' t more people in the world that grow old together .
i think all my packages are lost on that ship .
those buildings are so pretty !
the people ' s costume in this picture is so unique and edgy .
i hate the people who would live in that building
that bike needs some work - i am willing to help out .
this lake looks like a tranquil and relaxing place to visit
storms coming , could be a big one
um , where ' s your fur ?
i can ' t tell if this was suppose to be blue and someone made a mistake .
looks like a lovely day to be cycling , i ' d love to be there !
franco only wears the best designer suits .
delia is contemplating life over a thumb sucking session .
you are looking at something that will outlive humankind .
if only you knew this picture was taking through a window
i can bit the drum better
what a funny looking garden with two people staying bored
he looks like he ' s about to launch that trombone into the audience !
i will get my degree there one day !
where is this place ? it looks like in winery
the girls are relaxed to the point of boredom .
reminds me scifi shows from the 80s . . . . really brings me back . nostalgic .
she received a bad doctor ' s report but we are optimistic .
if i had to wait in a line as long as this one , i would go postal !
scary ! i wouldn ' t try that
the flowers are in good gesture
i wish there were more trees here to get the perfect picture
the game really holds your attention .
been in the same spot as number 8 , not really a fun place to be or a good time to be had , i ' m sure others would agree .
that bird pooped everywhere
brown , black whats the difference
if they are camping they better make sure their fires are all extinguised before they leave .
what does the color purple mean to you ? a flower in a field gives my soul peace . the range of colors unleashes my inner bob ross .
the boxes behind him look as if the have a phone number . maybe it is the phone number to a crime syndicate .
this is a pretty busy street .
i bet he ' s going to play hopscotch and is wearing a helmet in case he tips over .
what little girl would want to play with a doll that doesn ' t even look like a real baby ?
this cottage is where the gingerbread man comes to stay .
this really has a cool vibe . light hearted youthfulness is hard to capture . i dig it .
not sure why they would say a child is arrogant .
hilarious ! what the heck is it though ? !
if i was that hut , i ' d be so proud right now .
what the heck is going on here people ?
standing atop the edifice , taking in the brightness of our sun .
i bet that is a bomb
hey man . great pic . congrats !
those tables and chairs should be set up differently .
i love seeing families together for celebrating
she is working
summerfield , playing hockey ? ? thats more like winterfield
the experience he must have had
that ' s a cool paper flower , i want one !
this looks like swiss chese
this looks so cold i ' m not sure how people could be happy here .
i think this place is pretty , but it does not benefit me so who cares .
i bet that i could have designed this better .
atlanta ' s streak is 8 in 10 . their states for last season were just as good .
i love black hat when i was young
the people were encouraging the fanfare
she looks so angry with her job
at least get a picture of the ball getting hit .
i remember when i was able to hold a stick
where is this place
i hate the watermark in the middle of the page ! i just want to see the picture !
legos are my favorite !
it ' s very difficult to trim bushes in this manner . more than you think . best is to hire someone because between effort , time , and possibly messing them up . . . it is cheaper to do so .
the woman is scared
very self satisfied the lechen urned itself free
i bet the speech was great .
the wooden mouse , though small , had characteristics that could be enjoyed by anyone entering the livingroom
those buds look like there ' s a bit malformed .
i just don ' t get this kind of thing . can someone explain ?
that ' s a fast looking plane , i would be excited to get to my destination !
the acoustics made the band sound etherial
entertaining picture it is
let ' s buy it and tear it down . it doesn ' t belong on our street .
the train looks very smart
i think it is a cold day on the lake .
made in american !
this photo is clearly located in an older area but as to where , i have no clue , i just know i ' d love to visit and explore one day too .
i am going to try to help him move the boats back inside the storage unit tonight .
the car was the best
these " models " are ugly .
this is such a pretty color yellow
vroom vroom im a race car driver .
i love the color scheme here .
the colors looks relaxed
the water looks a bit dirty
it ' s sad that some people have to drink in their laundry closet . i ' d help them out if i could .
wow ! that piece of food looks like the picture . i bet they will make a bundle from that .
i entered the code and deactivated the device
home made things are good things .
they better start saving now for that kid ' s college fund .
i know exactly where the photographer took this photo .
nice water bro .
this bird has an agenda , we may not know what it is , be he has one
i believe they are very well put children . they are as they should be . standing still .
looks like a great dessert , delicious mountains !
so young but so aware of their surroundings .
he looks desparately unskilled
i ' m up the river without a paddle lol
looks like a lovely cake for a great thing to celebrate .
is any of that food organic ?
the girls all wear white
i love thinking about the times this statue depicts , what were their day to day lives like , what did they like to do , where did they live .
the writing is too small feel like tearing the paper
somewhere to run away from
gonna wonder if one of those buildings were closed to the water , if you could jump in from the roof .
when we ad lib we will all support each other
i dont want go anywhere . i will just sit in this building with the lights off .
this is an apple orchard from 7th dimension .
i am very glad she has found jesus !
i wonder what the size of those small islands are ?
fashionable shoes in a variety !
there is a light
wow ! this looks absolutely incredible from this view !
omg , i would never have that in my yard .
i wonder how the pandas sit up like that
bably did not finish
always a good student he was first to raise his hand to answer the question
just chilling here
i really want to know what the end product is
what is he making
what an idiotic picture , it ' s just blue ! i wish i could kill it !
thespeople need to move faster i quite frankly have no sympathy for any of these items .
what in the world is in this bowl ?
i ' m not saying that i ' d go out of my way to go to this event , but those cars are nice to look at .
this color breaks barriers and combines a multitude of different shades
i love side sun rooms , they are so rare , but i love them !
taking the class outside was a brilliant idea .
she ought to fall
this bird looks so boring . the birds that show up in my yard look much cooler .
they say this building is haunted i dont want to go in there .
what a strange building
everyone has on flip flops
i ' d like to live in this box and travel all over
i believe they are observing a religious ritual outdoors .
a stupid picture of a tree , actually kind of nice , if you ' re into nature , but still worthless .
i really enjoyed my years in mr . sullivan ' s class .
i ' ve always wanted tiny bugs on my finger !
this must be the most enjoyable part of building a house - - watching the process unfold as a wall becomes a permanent structure .
i can see she is intense here .
the layout for this home looks amazing !
yellow is so bright
these two lost creatures will be together forever
i can see the mood is happy .
the image appears like a blank blue rectangle , just like your soul .
doibg s kidathose are what
i miss the old days with my papa out in the woods .
be careful ! there is a snake .
why does she look so happy ? i doubt she has anything to be that happy about ! maybe she should do something productive with her time instead of posing for a million pictures .
that kid needs to be accompanied by someone !
i love a man who can play guitar .
you need to adjust the antennae
ugliest hamburger i ' ve ever seen in my life !
i ' m sure this hub cap would be better on any car i own than the one it fell off .
those must be heavy to carry , especially when putting them away if you ' re drunk or tired at the end of the night
the color purple has been linked to royalty for many centuries .
that snow looks really cold and i would hate to be out in it .
i don ' t like this a whole lot .
this is lame
that ' s a weird looking bit of grass .
i find this bears face a work of art .
that one leg up makes the bird look so sneaky ! or maybe it ' s going for a dance !
who cares about some radio station ?
this is such a boring and simple machine all the wheel has to do is turn .
i said wood not freaking tile
the buildings were a mock representation of the original building .
what are they talking about ? ?
it ' s dpressing how all of these houses look identical . nothing interesting happens ever .
he looks as if he ' s about to bring a lecture .
a personal yacht . . goals .
this view makes me happy .
another day of shopping . . .
what a lovely little frog .
boys just playing on the field .
he is going to get that cupcake everywhere
what a sweet little crib , i am in awe .
what cooking show is this ?
birthday time is a good time .
what a prized memory !
life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
very creative picture
this t - shirt is white and pretty boring .
he just shaved
that appears to be made of some sort of material .
this makes me feel like a man
this is a good wine ! no it ' s not .
this place looks excellent for hosting our next frat party !
a dreary and tired looking poster
looks like they ' re having a lot of fun
look how lovely this water is and the scene !
i ' ve never been to a restaurant like this but i am wiling to try anything ! it smells great here
all of the money that i spend on make - up , hair , brand name clothing , etc , to look beautiful . . . she achieves it quite simply .
water particle . . rock point . . waterfall
i want to run in this surf and feel the seaweed in my toes .
too many people here
lovely view . . . . makes me want to visit the lake with my family again . lots of good memories to make at places like this .
she looks really good after a good workout
looks like someone is skinny dipping !
he is such a lively tree .
a sign i saw
this dog is just too cute .
this color is too black
i honestly don ' t see why people care about nature .
wow ! look how much of that tree that bird ate !
open the gate !
woa clean hands or what ! ! ! ! ! perfect time for bonding .
he could do well as a model
somewhere to bike
she should have more respect for herself
charming path of woods
those ladies seem like having fun and cherishing cooking .
ooooohhhhh yeaaaaaa a tree with no leaves ! ! !
quick ! someone set up a slip and slide !
they love their home